# One line per quote, unlimited length
# Quotes displayed in green
# Color tags can be used to change the color for the rest of the line
# <O> for orange, <R> for red, <G> for green
#
Thank you, <R>you<G> know <O>who<G> you are...
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
Electricity is really just organized lightning. - George Carlin
I never said most of the things I said. - Yogi Berra
Everyone has the brain power to make money in stocks. Not everyone has the stomach. - Peter Lynch
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. - Bertrand Russell
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
During times of universal deceit, truth becomes a revolutionary act. - George Orwell
Adultery is the application of democracy to love. - H. L. Mencken
The odds are good but the goods are odd.
It takes a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious. - Alfred North Whitehead
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
Those who give up their liberty for security may wind up with neither. - Benjamin Franklin
Husbands never become good; they merely become proficient. - H. L. Mencken
You can lie on the internet, but you don't lie to the internet.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago. - Will Rogers
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein
It is no coincidence that the century of total war coincided with the century of central banking. - Ron Paul
Work less, play more, dream always. - Rageboy
Dave, I'm afraid I can't let you do that. - 2001 A Space Odyssey
A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married. - H. L. Mencken
The faster you go, the shorter you are. - Albert Einstein
If I'd known I was ever going to be this old, I would have taken better care of myself when I was younger.
Value does not exist outside mankind's consciousness. - Carl Menger
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian. - H. L. Mencken
If you limit your choices only to what seems possible or reasonable, you disconnect yourself from what you truly want, and all that is left is a compromise.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
A lie told often enough becomes the truth. - Vladimir Lenin 
If, after I depart this vale, you ever remember me and have thought to please my ghost, forgive some sinner and wink your eye at some homely girl. - H. L. Mencken
My only professional ambition is to get a desk where no one can see my computer monitor other than me.
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late. - Seymour Cray
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. - Edward V Berard
Deleted code is debugged code. - Jeff Sickel
Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. - Michael Sinz
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - Martin Golding
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. - Doug Linder
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby. - Natalie Wood
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it. - Albert Einstein
One man's crappy software is another man's full time job. - Jessica Gaston
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. - Alan J. Perlis
The best method for accelerating a computer is the one that boosts it by 9.8 m/s2.
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. - Louis Srygley
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
Watch the pennies, and the dollars take care of themselves.
I thoroughly disapprove of duels. If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him.- Mark Twain
The problem with quotes on the internet is that it is hard to verify their authenticity. - Abraham Lincoln
You miss every shot you don't take. - Wayne Gretsky
Cogito ergo dim sum.
The Beijing phone book is so full of Wings and Wongs that every time you wing somebody up you get the Wong number.
I think, therefore ham. Francis Bacon.
My quotations are misattributed more than any other person in history. - Mark Twain
Knowledge is power. France is bacon.
Anything under-priced will be over-consumed.
So you are half Welsh and half Hungarian, that means you are well-hung! - Bob Monkhouse
I'm rather relaxed about death. From quite an early age I've regarded it as part of the deal, the unwritten guarantee that comes with your birth certificate.
Two things should never be delivered at a dinner party: home truths and pizza.
As a comic, you need every wrinkle. Having a facelift would be like asking a tap dancer to have his feet lopped off. - Bob Monkhouse
Growing old is compulsory - growing up is optional.
Marriage is an investment which pays dividends if you pay interest.
Personally, I don't think there's intelligent life on other planets. Why should other planets be any different from this one?
They laughed when I said I was going to be a comedian. They're not laughing now.
A strong wind cannot blow all day. - Lao Tzu
Let's just call fishing what it really is... tricking and killing. - Mitch Hedberg
That's my opinion and if you don't like it, well, I have others. - Groucho Marx
Life is no less funny when someone dies than it is less serious when someone laughs. - George Bernard Shaw
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. - Chinese
Life, and I don't suppose I'm the first to make this comparison, is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal. - Neil Gaiman
Go to heaven for the scenery, hell for the company. - Mark Twain
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power. - Oscar Wilde
Trust in God, but make your popemobile with bullet-proof glass. - Vatican proverb
Any idiot can face a crisis, it is this day-to-day living that wears you out. - Chekhov
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. - Camus
We should try to create the society each of us would want if we didn't know in advance who we'd be.
I do not know how to distinguish between our waking life and a dream. Are we not always living the life that we imagine we are? - Henry David Thoreau
We like someone because. We love someone although. - Henri De Montherlant
For there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. - Hamlet, Shakespeare.
What I cannot create, I do not understand. - Richard Feynman
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Camus
A good coffee must be hot as the kisses of a girl on the first day, sweet as her love on the third day, and as black as the swearing of her mother when she hears of it.
I'm not convinced that faith can move mountains, but I've seen what it can do to skyscrapers. - William Gascoyne
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. - Carl Sagan
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Power corrupts. PowerPoint corrupts absolutely.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace. - Jimi Hendrix
God damn it, you've got to be kind. - Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world because they'd never expect it. - Jack Handey
Clothes make a man. Naked people have little or no influence in society. - Mark Twain
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it. - Mark Twain
If voting made any difference, they wouldn't let us do it. - Mark Twain
If voting changed anything, they would make it illegal. - Emma Goldman
Those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music. - Nietzsche
Don't argue with idiots, they'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience.
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything. - Nietzsche
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
It is very easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule. - Nietzsche
You know how they say it's lonely at the top? I'll be goddamned if it ain't lonely at the bottom too.
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
Censorship is telling a man he can't have a steak just because a baby can't chew it. - Mark Twain
Yesterday is yesterday. If we try to recapture it we will only lose tomorrow. - Bill Clinton
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. - Louis Hector Berlioz
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions. Their lives a mimicry. Their passions a quotation. - Oscar Wilde
The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.
I would never die for what I believe, because I may be wrong. - Bertrand Russell
If you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there. - Lewis Carroll
In the halls of power, we must guard from influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex.
Lower your voice and strengthen your argument.
Never have so many gotten it so wrong for so long. - Churchill
Crises refine life. In them you discover what you are.
The current anti-intellectualism is nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.' - Isaac Asimov
We provide expertise beyond expectation.
You pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
Why is it better to take two Mormons fishing with you instead of one? If you take one, they'll drink all your beer.
A Mormon checks in to a hotel. As he's leaving the front desk, he says to the clerk "I hope your porn is disabled." The clerk replies, "It's just regular porn, you sick f*ck."
Next to inflation, majority rule is the most ingenious scheme ever contrived by government. - Robert J. Ringer
In spite of the cost of living, it's still popular. - Kathleen Norris
My wife gives great headache. - Rodney Dangerfield
Worst Jewish dilemma ever: Free Ham.
I love escalators because they can never break down, they can only become stairs. - Mitch Hedberg
Two peanuts were walking down the street and one was a salted.
Did you hear about the dog who ran in front of a car? He got tired.
Did you hear about the dog chasing a car? He got exhausted.
Poker? I barely even know her! Liquor in the front, poker in the rear.
If I agreed with you we would both be wrong.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear. - Camus
I went to a fight once, and a hockey game broke out.
A baby seal walks into a club.
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse.
I angered the clerk in a clothing shop today. She asked me what size I was and I said actual, because I am not to scale.
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he don't even know it.
Rice is great when you're hungry and you want 2,000 of something.
I went to a record store, they said they specialized in hard-to-find records. NOTHING WAS ALPHABETIZED!
A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef.
I'm not addicted to cocaine, I just love the way it smells. - Richard Pryor
I would like to see a fork lift lift forks... it would be so damn literal.
I tried jogging, but the ice-cubes kept falling out of the glass. - David Lee Roth
I don't smoke weed anymore.... or any less. - Charley Weaver
I used to have a drug problem, but now I'm rich. - David Lee Roth
There are two problems with derivatives. First, only 10 people on earth actually understand what they are. Secondly, they allow people to confuse other people.
I used to do drugs in the 80s. Now, I don't care what the temperature is.
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. - Mitch Hedberg
My grandma started walking 5 miles a day when she was 70. It's been 10 years and we have no idea where the hell she is. - Ellen DeGeneres
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
One day we will be very rich, and then we will die. Hope I can be rich first.
Did you hear about the corduroy pillow? It's making head lines.
I felt like a man trapped in a woman's body. Then I was born. - Chris Bliss
Waitress, seeing leftover food on my table: "Do you wanna box for that?" Me, trying not to crack up: "No, but we could wrestle for it.."
Americans always do the right thing, once they've tried everything else. -Churchill
Eternity is a very long time especially towards the end.
An Irishman walks out of a bar.
I forgot to pay my exorcist, so i ended up getting repossessed.
My New Years resolution is 1024X768.
I quit my job in the helium balloon factory, I refuse to be spoken to in that tone.
Did you hear about the scarecrow that won a Nobel Prize for being outstanding in his field?
"Where's my change?" asks the Buddhist. The vendor responds, "Change must come from within."
Two fish in a tank; one says to the other "How the heck do you drive this thing?".
I was wondering why a frisbee looked bigger as it came closer, then it hit me.
I bought a box of animal crackers and the box said "Do not eat if seal is broken." Well the giraffe was ok. - Jimmy Carr
I've had a great day. This wasn't it, but I've had one before.
I heard boxers don't have sex before a fight - I think it's probably because they don't fancy each other. - Jimmy Carr
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. - Nietzsche
If we did all the things we were capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. - Seneca, 50 AD
Lady Nancy Astor: Winston, if you were my husband, I'd poison your tea. Winston Churchill: Nancy, if I were your husband, I'd drink it.
Men will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest. - Diderot
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. - Hunter S. Thompson
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Churchill
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see. - Schopenhauer
If you see a man opening a car door for a woman it can only mean one of two things: a new car, or a new woman. - Prince Philip
It takes a lot of money to look this cheap. - Dolly Parton
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubt. - Bertrand Russell
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said. - Mark Twain
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. - Mark Twain
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes.
I'd rather be rich than stupid.
I didn't mean to kill nobody ... I just meant to shoot the sonofabitch in the head. Him dying was between him and the Lord.
If you don't read the paper you are not informed. If you do read the paper, you are misinformed. - Mark Twain
I never learned from a man who agreed with me. - Heinlein
Mainstream journalists are like birds on a wire: when one flies off, they all do.
Die fast and quiet when they interrogate you or live so long that they are ashamed to hurt you anymore.
Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings.
If you have not heard a good rumour by 9:00, make one up.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Admission of ignorance is often the first step in our education.
If your sword's too short, add to its length by taking one step forward.
The beatings won't stop until the morale improves.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. - Jefferson
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable. - Seneca
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Of course I believe in luck. How otherwise to explain the success of some people you detest?
Life is not a spectacle or a feast; it is a predicament.
All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men.
The ability to quote is a serviceable substitute for wit.
A quotation at the right moment is like bread to the famished. - talmud
I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.
The next thing to saying a good thing yourself, is to quote one.
Every man is a quotation from all his ancestors.
I quote others only in order the better to express myself.
The next best thing to being clever is being able to quote someone who is.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it.
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation. - G.B.Shaw
It is an old error of man to forget to put quotation marks where he borrows from a woman's brain!
He can't have it both ways. He can't take the high horse and then claim the low road. - George W. Bush
It is chiefly through books that we enjoy the intercourse with superior minds.
Some books leave us free and some books make us free.
We are too civil to books. For a few golden sentences we will turn over and actually read a volume of four or five hundred pages.
The difference between literature and journalism is that journalism is unreadable and literature is not read. - Oscar Wilde
A library, to modify the famous metaphor of Socrates, should be the delivery room for the birth of ideas - a place where history comes to life.
Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life.
In the case of good books, the point is not how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.
If you never ask yourself any questions about the meaning of a passage, you cannot expect the book to give you any insight you do not already possess.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. - Mark Twain
Do give books - religious or otherwise - for Christmas. They're never fattening, seldom sinful, and permanently personal.
No entertainment is so cheap as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting.
Just the knowledge that a good book is awaiting one at the end of a long day makes that day happier. - Kathleen Norris
A book worth reading is worth buying.
All books are divisible into two classes, the books of the hour, and the books of all time.
Books are not made for furniture, but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house.
I have every sympathy with the American who was so horrified by what he had read about the effects of smoking that he gave up reading.
Readers are plentiful, thinkers are rare.
A book is a mirror: if an ape looks into it an apostle is hardly likely to look out.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed on and digested. - Francis Bacon
The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you the knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind.
A wonderful thing about a book, in contrast to a computer screen, is that you can take it to bed with you.
A room without books is like a body without a soul. - Cicero
A house without books is like a room without windows. - Heinrich Mann
There are two motives for reading a book: one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it. - Bertrand Russell
Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill.
All books are either dreams or swords, you can cut, or you can drug, with words. 
A bad book is as much of a labour to write as a good one; it comes as sincerely from the author's soul. - Aldous Huxley
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books. - Camus
People who like this sort of thing will find this the sort of thing they like. - Lincoln
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress. - Edison
By a procedure of active paranoic thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the total discrediting of the world of reality. - Salvador Dali
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
People wish to be settled: only as far as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's jobs with yesterday's tools.
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
People always seemed to know half of history, and to get it confused with the other half.
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
You always admire what you really don't understand. - Blaise Pascal
Life is rather like a tin of sardines - we're all of us looking for the key.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor. - Werner von Braun
Asking if computers can think is like asking if submarines can swim. - Dijkstra
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger Dijkstra)
We all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
The ultimate "computer," our own brain, uses only ten watts of power -- one-tenth the energy consumed by a hundred-watt bulb.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Picasso
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. - Asimov
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them.
If it is true that there is always more than one way of construing a text, it is not true that all interpretations are equal.
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to error that counts.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field. - Niels Bohr
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value. - Asimov
I stand by all the misstatements that I've made. - Dan Quayle
All too often arrogance accompanies strength, and we must never assume that justice is on the side of the strong. The use of power must always be accompanied by moral choice.
Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own.
No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life -- for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
The three things we crave most in life, happiness, freedom, and peace of mind, are always attained by giving them to someone else.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Happiness is not so much in having as sharing. We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Norman McEwen
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Gandhi
Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination. - Mark Twain
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves. - Wittgenstein
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness. Poverty and wealth have both failed.
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves.
Here we are the way politics ought to be in America; the politics of happiness, the politics of purpose and the politics of joy.
That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset -- it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it. - Mark Twain
Many people have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
There is elegance in unsophistication. - William the barman (Abe & Louis)
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right?
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase, if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
Let us swear while we may, for in Heaven it will not be allowed. - Mark Twain
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient. - Aristotle
Truth is such a rare thing, it is delighted to tell it.
Those who know me buy me, those who don't sell me.
The bull likes to make sure as few people as possible are along for the ride.
If you plan for failure and succeed, which have you done?
Avoid cutting yourself when slicing vegetables by getting someone else to hold the vegetables while you chop.
You should only need two tools in life: WD-40 and Duct Tape. If it doesn't move and should, use the WD-40. If it shouldn't and does, use the Duct Tape.
If you can't fix it with a hammer, you've got an electrical problem.
I can fake intelligence.
Once everyone is wearing rhinestones, you might not notice someone wearing diamonds.
What the wise man does at the beginning, fools do in the end. - Buffett
Take some consolation from the fact that she is now unemployed.
Economics is common sense made difficult.
I have spread my dreams under your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams. - W.B.Yeats
A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions he is able to answer.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
Men are always ready to respect anything that bores them. - Marilyn Monroe 
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images. - Jean Cocteau 
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.
Reward failure and you are going to get failure.
Every battle is won before it is ever fought. - Sun Tzu
The point is, ladies and gentleman, that greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Greed is right, greed works.
Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit.
Greed, in all of its forms; greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge, has marked the upward surge of mankind.
Life all comes down to a few moments. This is one of them.
If your enemy is superior, evade him. If angry, irritate him. If equally matched, fight, and if not, split and reevaluate. - Sun Tzu
Wealthy capitalism to all!
Inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislature. - Warren Buffett
The U.S. government has a technology, called a printing press, that allows it to produce as many US dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost. - Ben Bernanke
Gold is a speculation. But it is a speculation on a certainty: the debasement of the currency.
The idea that people who move money are some favoured class strikes me as pretty far from where we should be. - Warren Buffett
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
People who say you're just as old as you feel are all wrong, fortunately.
Elderly men who are popular with young women usually lack wisdom.
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Aging is mandatory. Maturity is optional.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
On Thanksgiving Day we acknowledge our dependence.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
I paid too much for it, but it's worth it.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Andy Warhol made fame more famous.
Ask your child what he wants for dinner only if he's buying.
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.
Remember that as a teenager you are at the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
Special-interest publications should realize that if they are attracting enough advertising and readers to make a profit, the interest is not so special.
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
Your life story would not make a good book. Don't even try.
My favorite animal is steak.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
Democracy is a device that ensures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
Imagine what you desire. Will what you imagine. Create what you will.
In this world there is always danger for those who are afraid of it.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
It is most unwise for people in love to marry.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds. - Mark Twain
We need men who can dream of things that never were. - JFK
The value of an idea lies in the using of it. - Edison
Great ideas originate in the muscles.
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.
Ideas are far more powerful than guns. We don't let our people have guns. Why should we let them have ideas? - Stalin
As the world moves, ideas that were good once are not always good.
Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new at all.
A censor is a man who knows more than he thinks you ought to.
A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know.
America is a country that doesn't know where it is going but is determined to set a speed record getting there.
America is a land of taxation that was founded to avoid taxation.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it.
Democracy is a process by which people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.
Every girl should use what Mother Nature gave her before Father Time takes it away.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
Fortune knocks at every man's door once in a life, but in a good many cases the man is in a neighboring saloon and does not hear her. - Mark Twain
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. - Laurence J. Peter
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up. - Mark Twain
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. - Einstein
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. - Albert Einstein
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil. - Edison
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
What makes us men is that we can think logically. What makes us human is that we sometimes choose not to.
The mind does not create what it perceives, any more than the eye creates the rose.
A man will be imprisoned in a room with a door that's unlocked and opens inwards; as long as it does not occur to him to pull rather than push. - Wittgenstein
Our best thoughts come from others.
Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. - William James
In the small matters trust the mind, in the large ones the heart. - Freud
Any mental activity is easy if it need not take reality into account.
If everyone is thinking alike, someone isn't thinking.
Pride is an admission of weakness; it secretly fears all competition and dreads all rivals.
Swallow your pride occasionally, it's not fattening.
The man who acts humble in order to win praise is guilty of the lowest form of pride.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
The public health authorities never mention the main reason many Americans have for smoking heavily, which is that smoking is a fairly sure, fairly honorable form of suicide.
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately.
In the end, everything is a gag. - Charlie Chaplin
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.
The telling of jokes is an art of its own, and it always rises from some emotional threat. The best jokes are dangerous because they are in some way truthful.
Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope.
I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned.
You only lie to two people in your life: your girlfriend and the police. - Jack Nicholson
A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Experts often possess more data than judgment. - Colin Powell
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
Life is a festival only to the wise.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Age does not always bring wisdom. Sometimes age comes alone.
In doubt a man of worth will trust to his own wisdom.
The wise speak only of what they know.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. - Shakespeare
How I wish that somewhere there existed an island for those who are wise and of goodwill! In such a place even I would be an ardent patriot. - Einstein
The highest form of wisdom is to get drunk and go to pieces. - Kipling
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. - H. L. Mencken
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
The wise man learns more from the fool than the fool learns from the wise man.
The well-bred contradict other people. The wise contradict themselves.
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
I have a theory that the truth is never told during the nine-to-five hours.
The only free lunch is in a mouse trap.
You can't buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
I wanted to do something nice so I bought my mother-in-law a chair. Now they won't let me plug it in.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
All men are not homeless, but some men are home less than others.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears.
You're never too old to become younger. - Mae West
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
Temptation is a woman's weapon and man's excuse. - H. L. Mencken
Sex is emotion in motion.
Good sex is like good Bridge: if you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
The curve is more powerful than the sword.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before. - Mae West
To err is human - but it feels divine. - Mae West
I'm a great housekeeper: I get divorced, I keep the house. - Zsa Zsa Gabor
I know nothing about sex because I was always married.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do.
Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president.
I know you've been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvelous. It must be very inexpensive.
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.
Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.
People will pay more to be entertained than educated.
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.
There is nothing so stable as change. - Bob Dylan
A man never tells you anything until you contradict him.
A drama critic is a man who leaves no turn unstoned.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder. - George Washington
Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent. - Mike Tyson
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.
If investments are keeping you awake at night, sell down to the sleeping point.
If you're given a choice between money and sex appeal, take the money. As you get older, the money will become your sex appeal. - Katherine Hepburn
Money doesn't talk, it swears. - Bob Dylan
The conviction of the rich that the poor are happier is no more foolish than the conviction of the poor that the rich are.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Saving is a fine thing. Especially when your parents have done it for you.
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction. - Mae West
I am indeed rich, since my income is superior to my expense, and my expense is equal to my wishes.
I never hated a man enough to give him diamonds back. - Zsa Zsa Gabor
The greatest wealth is to live content with little. - Plato
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?
Enjoy your job, make lots of money, work within the law. Choose any two.
Money doesn't make you happy. I now have $50 million, but I was just as happy when I had $48 million.
Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. - Robin Williams
Real loss is only possible when you love something more than you love yourself.Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other.
Anyone can get old, all you have to do is live long enough.
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men. The other 999 follow women.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies.
Politics is the art of postponing decisions until they are no longer relevant. - Henri Queuille
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.
I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. - Oscar Wilde
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know.
If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already.
The difference between Los Angeles and yogurt is that yogurt comes with less fruit.
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.
A pessimist is a man who looks both ways when he crosses the street.
There are two kinds of egotists: Those who admit it, and the rest of us.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt.
If my critics saw me walking over the Thames they would say it was because I couldn't swim. - Margaret Thatcher
Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad.
Deep versed in books and shallow in himself.
I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.
That woman speaks eighteen languages and she can't say 'no' in any one of them.
Never interrupt me when I'm trying to interrupt you.
Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded.
As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're ok, then it's you.
He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow.
I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fashion is what seems beautiful now but looks ugly later; art can be ugly at first but it becomes beautiful later.
I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.'
If all the girls who attended the Yale prom were laid end to end, I wouldn't be a bit surprised.
She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. - Fred Allen
Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.
Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. - Robin Williams
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
An editor is someone who separates the wheat from the chaff and then prints the chaff.
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. - Churchill
I've seen George Foreman shadow boxing and the shadow won. - Muhammad Ali
You may have genius. The contrary is, of course, probable.
He is a very modest man with a great deal to be modest about.
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only sane thing to do if you find yourself up there.
I'm number 10 at the box office. Right under Barbra Streisand. Can you imagine being under Barbra Streisand? Get me a bag. I may throw up.
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn't for any religious reasons. They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch. - Jack Nicholson
The taxpayers are sending congressmen on expensive trips abroad. It might be worth it except they keep coming back.
It's easy to identify people who can't count to ten. They're in front of you in the supermarket express lane.
Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.
Suppose you were an idiot...and suppose you were a member of Congress...but I repeat myself.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. - Mark Twain
This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read.
Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way.
The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs. There's also a negative side.
I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. - Groucho Marx
When we know what God is, we shall be gods ourselves.
Which painting in the National Gallery would I save if there was a fire? The one nearest the door of course.
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!
A leader is a dealer in hope.
A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily. - Napoleon
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit.
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous. - Napoleon
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
If you are going through hell, keep going. - Churchill
To hell with circumstances. I create opportunities. - Bruce Lee
Do, or do not. There is no 'try.' - Jedi Master Yoda
Truly wonderful, the mind of a child is.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - Napoleon
Don't look back; they may be gaining on you.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move. - Franklin
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. - Edison
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience.
Better to live one year as a tiger than a hundred as sheep. - Madonna
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want and if they can't find them, make them.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
A coach is someone who can give correction without causing resentment.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Greater things are believed of those who are absent.
No one would have doubted his ability to reign had he never been emperor. - Tacitus
Prosperity is the measure or touchstone of virtue, for it is less difficult to bear misfortune than to remain uncorrupted by pleasure.
The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.
Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate.
An artist is someone who produces things that people don't need to have but that he - for some reason - thinks it would be a good idea to give them.
Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. - Woody Allen
Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details.
In the future everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes. - Andy Warhol
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships.
You may delay, but time will not.
The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now.
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch.
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. - Niels Bohr
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. - Albert Einstein
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.
If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.
The only way to maintain a moderate sum of happiness in this life, is not to worry about the future or regret the past too much.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
I've seen the future, and it's much like the present -- only longer.
Eternity's a terrible thought. I mean, where's it all going to end?
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
Forever is composed of nows.
Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true. - Proust
It is only the modern that ever becomes old-fashioned.
Everything comes too late for those who only wait.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
I don't think there's anything unique about human intellience. All the nuerons in the brain that make up perceptions and emotions operate in a binary fashion.
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. - Bill Gates
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
The difference between fiction and reality?    Fiction has to make sense. - Tom Clancy
Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. - Adolf Hitler
Great liars are also great magicians.
How lucky for those in power that people don't think.
If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower.
Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken.
Strength lies not in defense but in attack.
The great masses of the people will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one.
The man who has no sense of history, is like a man who has no ears or eyes.
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth.
Those who want to live, let them fight, and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live.
One thing only I know, and that is that I know nothing. - Socrates
Knowledge is not wisdom, unless used wisely.
It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. - Adolf Hitler
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true, for if the things be false, the apprehension of them is not understanding.
I keep the subject of my inquiry constantly before me, and wait till the first dawning opens gradually, by little and little, into a full and clear light.
If I am anything, which I highly doubt, I have made myself so by hard work.
If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention, than to any other talent.
If I have seen further than other men, it is because I have stood upon the shoulders of giants. - Isaac Newton
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. - Newton
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Honor is simply the morality of superior men. - H. L. Mencken
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
I do not want a friend who smiles when I smile, who weeps when I weep, for my shadow in the pool can do better than that.
Learning without thought is labor lost.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of Creation.
At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid.
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Nietzsche
Whoever despises himself still respects himself as one who despises.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
It is well to remember that the entire universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others.
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.
An ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
The supernatural is the natural not yet understood.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
Sometimes I think we're alone. Sometimes I think we're not. In either case, the thought is staggering.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education he may steal the whole railroad.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
Hope for the Best. Expect the worst. Life is a play. We're unrehearsed.
Don't have sex man. It leads to kissing and pretty soon you have to start talking to them.
Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is.
There is one thing I would break up over, and that is if she caught me with another woman. I won't stand for that.
The greatest thing you can do is surprise yourself.
I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by.
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die. - Mel Brooks
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
To cease smoking is the easiest thing I ever did. I ought to know because I've done it a thousand times.
I wish TV had a knob so you could turn up the intelligence. The one marked Brightness doesn't work.
When I read about the evils of drinking I gave up reading.
I never took hallucinogenic drugs because I never wanted my consciousness expanded one unnecessary iota.
I've done the calculation and your chances of winning the lottery are identical whether you play or or not.
In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.
Beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
People want to know why I do this, why I write such gross stuff. I like to tell them that I have the heart of a small boy...and I keep it in a jar on my desk - Stephen King
Of course the meek will inherit the earth, what, did you think they'd take it by force?
The meek shall inherit the earth, but not its mineral rights. - J. Paul Getty
If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy.
Boy, those French, they have a different word for everything!
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me.
All I've ever wanted was an honest week's pay for an honest day's work.
Hosting the Oscars is like making love to a beautiful woman - it's something I only get to do when Billy Crystal's out of town.
I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true.
How can you be expected to govern a country that has 246 kinds of cheese?
I feel sorry for short people, you know. When it rains, they're the last to know.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
The problem is not that we have too many fools, it's that the lightning isn't distributed right.
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
A Canadian is someone who knows how to make love in a canoe.
The reason I love my dog so much is because when I come home, he's the only one in the world who treats me like I'm The Beatles.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit.
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-five now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
I'm at an age where I think more about food than sex. Last week I put a mirror over my dining room table.
I just finished my first book. Pretty soon, I'm gonna read another.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
Those are my principles. If you don't like them I have others.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own set of laws.
I am so amazingly cool you could keep a side of meat in me for a month. I am so hip I have difficulty seeing over my pelvis.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read. - Groucho Marx
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive.
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in my bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
I have an intense desire to return to the womb. Anybody's.
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
I'm not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch.
Last night I discovered a new form of oral contraceptive. I asked a girl to go to bed with me and she said no.
Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question? - Lily Tomlin
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good.
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.
The good people sleep much better at night than the bad people. Of course, the bad people enjoy the waking hours much more.
The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night.
There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open?
To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Failure is just success rounded down, my friend! - Ryan North
If you can't accept losing, you can't win.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Failure is the only opportunity to begin again more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Errors are inevitable. The mark of character is not refusing to recognize them, but acknowledging them and taking responsibility.
Expect people to be better than they are; it helps them to become better. But don't be disappointed when they are not; it helps them to keep trying.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
Good judgment comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgment.
To err is human. To blame it on somebody else is even more human.
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
It is inevitable that some defeat will enter even the most victorious life. The human spirit is never finished when it is defeated...it is finished when it surrenders.
No matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything. - Einstein
You're never beaten until you admit it.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it; so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
A nickel isn't worth a dime today.
Baseball is 90% mental, the other half is physical.
I couldn't tell if the streaker was a man or a woman because it had a bag on it's head.
I didn't really say everything I said.
I made a wrong mistake.
I want to thank everyone who made this night necessary.
I wish I had an answer to that, because I'm tired of answering that question.
It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much.
Nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded.
This is like deja vu all over again.
Why buy good luggage? You only use it when you travel.
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.
You can observe a lot just by watchin'.
You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
You should always go to other people's funerals; otherwise, they won't come to yours.
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. - Muhammad Ali
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right.
Inside of a ring or out, ain't nothing wrong with going down. It's staying down that's wrong.
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.
The fight is won or lost far away from the witnesses, behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road; long before I dance under those lights.
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.
All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions.
Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
Iron rusts from disuse; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return.
The faculty of imagination is both the rudder and the bridle of the senses.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand.
A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think.
A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong she is until she gets into hot water.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, but beautiful old people are works of art.
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't.
He who loses money, loses much; he who loses a friend, loses much more; he who loses faith, loses all.
When you cease to make a contribution; you begin to die.
You gain strength, experience and confidence by every experience where you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you cannot do.
If there's anything unsettling to the stomach, it's watching actors on television talk about their personal lives.
Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent.
The more sensitive you are, the more likely you are to be brutalized, develop scabs and never evolve. Never allow yourself to feel anything because you always feel too much.
To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Actors are one family over the entire world.
Small minds discuss people; average minds discuss events; great minds discuss ideas.
One in the hand is worth two in the bush.
The purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it.
HOMEOPATHY: turning water into money since 1810.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.
Probably all laws are useless; for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
Formerly we suffered from crimes; now we suffer from laws.
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
The society that puts equality before freedom will end up with neither. The society that puts freedom before equality will end up with a great measure of both.
Revolution is the opium of the intellectuals.
One of the great mistakes is to judge policies and programmes by their intentions rather than their results.
It is the responsibility of every citizen to ignore dumb laws.
The real minimum wage is zero: unemployment.
Inflation is the one form of taxation that can be imposed without legislation.
The most important single central fact about a free market is that no exchange takes place unless both parties benefit.
The direct use of physical force is so poor a solution to the problem of limited resources that it is commonly employed only by small children and great nations.
Good artists copy; great artists steal. - Picasso
Comparing a computer language to a human language is like comparing an operating system kernel to a popcorn kernel.
In aeronautical circles, it's said that the f4 is proof that given enough thrust even a brick will fly. Linux is the f4 of computing?
Nobody who uses XML knows what they are doing.
Every methodology I've come across has, at its kernel, a very small section labelled "do magic here".
The Purpose of Computing is Insight, Not Numbers.
Compatibility means deliberately repeating other people's mistakes.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo da Vinci
You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself.
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
Unix is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.
Programming graphics in X is like finding the square root of PI using Roman numerals.
The central enemy of reliability is complexity.
It's not that perl programmers are idiots, it's that the language rewards idiotic behavior in a way that no other language or tool has ever done.
Mathematicians stand on each others' shoulders and computer scientists stand on each others' toes.
Let us stand on each other's shoulders, not each other's toes. - Dennis Allison
The essence of XML is this: the problem it solves is not hard, and it does not solve the problem well.
UNIX was not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things, as that would also stop them from doing clever things.
Beauty is more important in computing than anywhere else in technology because software is so complicated. Beauty is the ultimate defence against complexity.
The computing scientist's main challenge is not to get confused by the complexities of his own making.
When in doubt, use brute force.
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Adding more resources to a late project, makes it even later...
Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing a program in the first place. So if you're as clever as you can be when you write it, how will you ever debug it?
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
I saw a sign saying "Drink Canada Dry", and I thought I'd give it a go.
That's not bad at all, but I still prefer the real thing.
Classes struggle, some classes triumph, others are eliminated. (Mao Zedong on OO and refactoring)
When your outgo exceeds your income your upkeep becomes your downfall.
Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent. - Keynes
Designed by geniuses so it could be run by idiots.
First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. Then they fight you. And then you win. - Mahatma Ghandi
Never have so many known so little.
The main purpose of the stock market is to make fools of as many men as possible.
Calls to God: always a busy signal.
When you look into the abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
Never underestimate the power of the Force.
Use the Source Luke.
Volume does not lie.
Gaps will be filled.
There is never just one cockroach.
Better be two years early than one day late.
It's always sunny above the clouds.
What's the role of luck in life?     Huge. We often mistake it for skill.
To err is human, to be paid for it, divine.
To most people solutions are answers. To chemists solutions are all mixed up.
He who goes borrowing, goes sorrowing.
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other?
The best things in life are not things.
A government big enough to give you everything you want is also big enough to take away everything you have.
A democracy is little more than mob rule, where 51% of the people may take away the rights of the other 49%.
An honest man can feel no pleasure in exercise of power over his fellow citizens.
When government fears the people, there is liberty. When people fear the government, there is tyranny.
Keep your friends close, enemies closer.
True wealth is not the accumulation of goods but the reduction of necessities.
Never is a long time.
There is no second chance for a first impression.
A lie is not a lie if you believe it.
If you are not outraged, you are not paying attention.
We are not retreating, we are advancing in another direction.
There is no desperate situation, only desperate men. - Heinz Guderian
A fast nickel is better than a slow dime.
The future ain't what it used to be. - Yogi Berra
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my Grandpa, not kicking and screaming like the passengers in his car.
The early bird may get the worm, but it's the second mouse that gets the cheese!
When you first enter the monkey house at the zoo it smells terrible. But after awhile it doesn't smell so bad.
Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than are lies. - Nietzsche
There are 10 types of people - those who know binary, and those who don't.
Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six sharpening my axe!
The only thing new is the history you don't know.
The terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Only the wisest and the stupidest of men never change.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again. 
For of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these: "it might have been..."
You want to know why I kept getting promoted? Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter: I don't mind... and you don't matter.
I've already told you more than I know.
It is not unusual for me to have nothing useful to say. It is only unusual for me to admit it.
May you live every day of your life. - Jonathan Swift
Luck, not effort, plays the largest role in who succeeds in our society.
I want to die in my sleep peacefully, like my grandfather. Not screaming in terror, like his passengers.
Make sure you never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Old too soon, smart too late.
Success breeds imitation, and imitation breeds mediocrity.
Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.
Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" without having asked any clear question.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say "I don't know."
Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it.
In my end is my beginning. - Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots
I feel like I'm running a small nursery with someone I used to date. - Hawke, Before sunset
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed.
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. - Churchill
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried.
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
When the eagles are silent, the parrots begin to jabber.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish. - Albert Einstein
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge... - Einstein
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education. - Einstein
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. - Einstein
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. - Einstein
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value. - Einstein
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit simpler. - Einstein
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts. - Albert Einstein
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. - Einstein
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Einstein
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.
At any rate, I am convinced that He [God] does not play dice. - Einstein
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.
Education is the best provision for the journey to old age.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
It is easier to stay out than get out.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. 
Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to practical use. 
Character is made by many acts; it may be lost by a single one. 
The difference between medicine and poison is the dose.
The greatest of all faults is to be conscious of none. 
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. 
True deception goes unnoticed.
Poetry: the best words in the best order.
Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.
A conservative government is an organized hypocrisy.
A man who loses his money, gains, at the least, experience, and sometimes, something better.
A precedent embalms a principle.
Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.
As a general rule the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.
As a rule, he or she who has the most information will have the greatest success in life.
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
Change is inevitable. In a progressive country change is constant.
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader.
I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Never complain and never explain.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninty-nine percent perspiration. 
Men are what their mothers made them.
It is better to be silent, and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. 
Do not mistake a child for his symptom. 
You cannot build a reputation on what you are going to do. 
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing. 
Three can keep a secret if two of them are dead. 
Be civil to all, sociable to many, familiar to few, friend to one, enemy to none. 
Creditors have better memories than debtors. 
He that will not sail till all dangers are over must never put to sea.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. 
Dare to be naive. 
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action. 
There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in. 
Four things come not back: the spoken word, the spent arrow, the past, the neglected opportunity
No one can be right all of the time, but it helps to be right most of the time. 
Experience is a good school but the fees are high.
Experience is something you get just after you need it.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name. - Milton Berle
Old age is fifteen years older than I am. - Bernard Baruch
Pride comes just before the fall.
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
No man fully capable of his own language ever masters another.
Never confuse movement with action.
Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
There is always something for which to be thankful.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature. - Charles Dickens
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.
The only competition worthy of a wise man is with himself.
Vote early and vote often.
You can go a long way with a smile. You can go a lot farther with a smile and a gun.
I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.
We are never so defenseless against suffering as when we love.
From error to error, one discovers the entire truth. - Freud
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.
Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities.
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.
A whole is that which has beginning, middle and end.
Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them.
Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Let him that would move the world, first move himself.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.
Wisdom begins in wonder. - Socrates
We do not remember days, we remember moments. 
Television has changed the American child from an irresistible force to an immovable object.
Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction.
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. 
Remember that life is not measured in hours but in accomplishments. 
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice; in practice, there is.
Live your life so that whenever you lose, you are ahead. 
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. 
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten. - Albert Einstein
There is no sense in crying over spilt milk.
A short saying often contains much wisdom. 
You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it. 
I am a part of all that I have seen. 
The secret source of Humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
Progress is not created by contented people.
Common sense is not so common.
It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong. - Voltaire
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
It matters not how many fish are in the sea . . . if you don't have any bait on your hook.
Ability is a poor man's wealth. 
If you get yourself in the trough, you may get eaten by the pigs. - my father
When you're as great as I am, it's hard to be humble. 
Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem. 
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else. - Woody Allen
Money can't buy happiness; it can, however, rent it.
80 percent of success in life is just showing up.
Except for an occasional heart attack I feel as young as I ever did.
I have only one ambition left: I should like to have a good epitaph.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
My education was dismal. I went to a series of schools for mentally disturbed teachers.
Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheaper than medicine.
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
All kids are gifted; some just open their packages earlier than others.
Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.
Don't let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.
Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it.
Criticizing is easy, art is difficult.
Not to care for philosophy is to be a true philospher.
The mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work unless it's open. - Frank Zappa
The best mind-altering drug is truth.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
If you are not part of the solution, then you are part of the problem.
The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.
One must be a god to be able to tell successes from failures without making a mistake.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
The only real failure in life is the failure to try.
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit.
Marriage is like a phone call in the night: first the ring, and then you wake up.
My wife suggested a book for me to read to enhance our relationship. It's titled: Women are from Venus, Men are Wrong.
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.
Love is blind, marriage is the eye-opener.
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years
A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he's finished.
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage.
Your marriage is in trouble if your wife says, "You're only interested in one thing," and you can't remember what it is.
Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway.
You know what I did before I married? Anything I wanted to.
The husband who wants a happy marriage should learn to keep his mouth shut and his checkbook open.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.
A man's wife has more power over him than the state has.
In my house I'm the boss, my wife is just the decision maker.
Marriage is the only war in which you sleep with the enemy.
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
Marriage is like a hot bath. Once you get used to it, it's not so hot.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
Marriage is nature's way of keeping us from fighting with strangers.
The appropriate age for marriage is around eighteen for girls and thirty-seven for men.
Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't, they'd be married too. - H. L. Mencken
I got rid of my husband. The cat was allergic.
I require only three things of a man. He must be handsome, ruthless and stupid.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterwards.
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married. And by then it was too late.
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution? - H. L. Mencken
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
It's not cheating unless you get caught.
Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I've done it dozens of times.
I think crime pays. The hours are good, you travel a lot.
I hope life isn't a joke, because I don't get it.
Flying is simple. You just throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.
Most people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life!
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
I'm knot a blonde! I'm knot, I'm knot, I'm knot!
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I've got problem for your solution.
Some say the glass is half full, some say the glass is half empty. I say "Are you gonna drink that?"
Your school GPA is inversely proportionate to your girlfriend's looks and viceversa.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don't have film.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks he has enough.
All people have the right to stupidity but some abuse the privilege.
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Flirting is the art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
I would fly you to the moon and back if you'll be... if you'll be my baby.
All women are flirts, but some are restrained by shyness, and others by sense.
Flirtation: attention without intention.
Flirting is the art of keeping intimacy at a safe distance.
Oops! I lost my mobile number! Could I have yours?
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
You're so sweet there's a wanted poster for you at the candy store.
Let make it short and simple, I love you.
I'm an organ donor, need anything?
You remind me of my next girlfriend.
My friend wants to know if you think I'm hot.
Beauty is power and a smile is its sword.
It's okay, you dont have to stop staring, that just means you're interested.
Did the sun just come out or did you just smile at me?
If nothing lasts for ever, will you be my nothing?
A woman will flirt with anyone in the world as long as other people are looking on.
Roses are <R>red<G>, violets are blue, sugar is sweet but nothing compared to you.
Single and looking... anyone wanna be found?
Can't wait until tomorrow, because I bet that you get more and more beautiful everyday.
Can I borrow a quarter?   - What for?    I want to call my mother and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day.
Every night I go home crying because I'll have to wait until tomorrow to see you again.
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Fiction writing is great, you can make up almost anything.
I owe a lot to my parents, especially my mother and father.
STUPID = Smart Talented Unique Person In Demand
With fame I become more and more stupid, which of course is a very common phenomenon.
I say no to drugs, but they don't listen.
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
Behind every successful woman is a basket of dirty laundry.
Every artist was first an amateur.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
If you stand straight, do not fear a crooked shadow.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.
If you don't want anyone to know, don't do it.
You cannot prevent the birds of sadness from passing over your head, but you can prevent their making a nest in your hair.
Do not confine your children to your own learning, for they were born in another time.
Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself.
Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
To talk much and arrive nowhere is the same as climbing a tree to catch a fish.
Kissing is like drinking salted water: you drink and your thirst increases.
If heaven made him, earth can find some use for him.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
Never insult anyone by accident.
Insults should be written in sand, compliments should be carved in stone.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A change is as good as a rest.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
A good man is hard to find.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A house is not a home.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Confucius
The journey of a hundred miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
A leopard cannot change its spots.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
A little of what you fancy does you good.
A miss is as good as a mile.
A new broom sweeps clean.
A nod's as good as a wink to a blind horse.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A person is known by the company he keeps.
A picture paints a thousand words.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A prophet is not recognized in his own land.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
A volunteer is worth twenty pressed men.
A watched pot never boils.
A woman's place is in the home.
A woman's work is never done.
Actions speak louder than words.
All good things must come to an end, but all bad things can continue forever.
All that glisters is not gold.
All the world loves a lover.
All things must pass.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All you need is love.
All's fair in love and war.
An Englishman's home is his castle.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
As you sow so shall you reap.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Attack is the best form of defence.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Behind every great man there's a great woman.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey
Better late than never.
Better safe than sorry.
Better the Devil you know than the Devil you don't.
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool that to speak and remove all doubt.
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Blood is thicker than water.
Boys will be boys.
Charity begins at home.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely. - P. J. O'Rourke
Cold hands, warm heart.
Comparisons are odius.
Count you blessings.
Cut your coat to suit your cloth.
Discretion is the better part of valour.
Do as you would be done by.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't burn your bridges behind you.
Don't change horses in midstream.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
Don't cross the bridge till you come to it.
Don't keep a dog and bark yourself.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't put new wine into old bottles.
Don't rock the boat.
Don't spoil the ship for a ha'pworth of tar.
Don't try to teach your Grandma to suck eggs.
Don't try to walk before you can crawl.
Don't upset the apple-cart.
Doubt is the beginning not the end of wisdom.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy but socially dead. - Joshua Warner
Easy come, easy go.
Empty vessels make the most noise.
Enough is as good as a feast.
Enough is enough.
Every dark cloud has a silver lining.
Every dog has his day.
Every man has his price.
Every stick has two ends.
Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die.
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
Faith will move mountains.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
The only cure for contempt is counter-contempt. - H. L. Mencken
Finders keepers, losers weepers.
First things first.
Fish and guests smell after three days.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Forewarned is forearmed.
Fortune favours the brave.
God helps those who help themselves.
Good fences make good neighbours.
Good talk saves the food.
Good things come to those who wait.
Great minds think alike.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Handsome is as handsome does.
Hard work never did anyone any harm.
Haste makes waste.
He who hesitates is lost.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
He who laughs last laughs longest.
He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
History repeats itself.
Home is where the heart is.
If God had meant us to fly he'd have given us wings.
If a job is worth doing it is worth doing well.
If at first you don't succeed try, try and try again.
If ifs and ands were pots and pans there'd be no work for tinkers.
If life deals you lemons, make lemonade.
If the mountain won't come to Mohammed, Mohammed must go to the mountain.
If wishes were horses beggars would ride.
If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't beat em, join em.
If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
In the kingdom of the blind the one eyed man is king.
In the midst of life we are in death.
Into every life a little rain must fall.
It goes without saying.
It never rains but it pours.
It takes a thief to catch a thief.
It takes one to know one.
It's all grist to the mill.
It's an ill wind that blows no one any good.
It's better to give than to receive.
It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. 
It's better to travel hopefully than to arrive.
It's no use locking the stable door after the horse has bolted.
It's the early bird that gets the worm.
It's the empty can that makes the most noise.
It's the squeaky wheel that gets the grease.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Keep your chin up.
Keep your powder dry.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, weep and, you weep alone.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Let bygones be bygones.
Let not the sun go down on your wrath.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let the punishment fit the crime.
Life begins at forty.
Life is what you make it.
Life's not all beer and skittles.
Lightening never strikes twice in the same place.
Like father, like son.
Little pitchers have big ears.
Live for today for tomorrow never comes.
Look before you leap.
Love is blind.
Make love not war.
Man does not live by bread alone.
Many a little makes a mickle .
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
Mighty oaks from little acorns grow.
Misery loves company.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
Money makes the world go round.
Money talks.
More haste, less speed.
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Never judge a book by its cover.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
No man is an island.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No rest for the wicked.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Oil and water don't mix.
Old soldiers never die, they just fade away.
One good turn deserves another.
Only fools and horses work.
Opportunity only knocks once.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Pearls of wisdom.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Possession is nine tenths of the law.
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Practice makes perfect.
Pride comes before a fall.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Put your best foot forward.
<R>Red<G> sky at night shepherds delight; <R>red<G> sky in the morning, shepherds warning.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Speak softly and carry a big stick.
Still waters run deep.
Stupid is as stupid does.
Talk is cheap.
Talk is cheap when the story is good.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
The Devil finds work for idle hands to do.
The best defence is a good offence.
The boy is father to the man.
The cobbler always wears the worst shoes.
The darkest hour is just before the dawn.
The early bird catches the worm.
The ends justify the means.
The exception which proves the rule.
The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
The longest journey starts with a single step.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The pen is mightier than sword.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
There are none so blind as those, that will not see.
There's always more fish in the sea.
There's many a slip twixt cup and lip.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
There's no fool like an old fool.
There's no place like home.
There's no smoke without fire.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no such thing as bad publicity.
There's no time like the present.
There's none so deaf as they that will not hear.
There's one born every minute.
Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Those who sleep with dogs will rise with fleas.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time is a great healer.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
To the victor go the spoils.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Two heads are better then one.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Walk softly but carry a big stick.
Waste not want not.
When the cat's away the mice will play.
Where there's a will there's a way.
Worrying never did anyone any good.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
You can't make a silk purse from a sow's ear.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
You can't make bricks without straw.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
You can't tell a book by looking at its cover.
You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
Youth is wasted on the young. - George Bernard Shaw
If you have to ask what Jazz is, you'll never know.
A rising tide lifts all boats, but only those with fuel make headway.
I am more concerned with the return of my money rather than the return on my money.
A bad settlement is better than a good lawsuit.
It's better to be idiot than to pretend wise.
A coin of gold is delighting in a bag of silver coins. Meaning: English people make modest company.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Power = Money / Responsibility
To a man with a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.
All roads are open when you don't know where you are going.
When you've had money and lost it, it can be much worse than never having had it at all!
Hookt on fonics werked 4 me.
The main thing about money, Bud, is that it makes you do things you don't want to do.
Sometimes just a few hours of trial and error debugging can save minutes of reading manuals.
In my many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame, two is a law firm and three or more is a congress.
Never underestimate the power of a belief system to circumvent morality and common decency. - BroHogan
If you take something apart and put it back together enough times, you'll eventually have two of them.
Business would run so much smoother without customers.
Perfect is the enemy of good. - Voltaire
Just like a dog walking on its hind legs one marvels, not that it is done well, but that it is done at all.
You never know when you're making a memory. - BroHogan
In space, nobody can hear you scream.
Calm down Hal you know what your wife says when you get all excited!
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised God doesn't work that way, so I stole one and prayed for forgiveness.
The first lesson of economics is scarcity: There is never enough of anything to satisfy all those who want it.
The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics.
To fill the hour - that is happiness.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. - Sophocle
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. - Dalai Lama
The demand to be loved is the greatest of all arrogant presumptions. - Nietzsche
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time. - G.W.Bush
As governor of Texas, I have set high standards for our public schools, and I have met those standards.
I appreciate that question because I, in the state of Texas, had heard a lot of discussion about a faith-based initiative eroding the important bridge between church and state.
People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
I mean, there needs to be a wholesale effort against racial profiling, which is illiterate children.
One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures. - G.W.Bush
Too many good docs are getting out of business. Too many OB/GYN's aren't able to practice their, their love with women all across this country.
It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it.
I am mindful not only of preserving executive powers for myself, but for predecessors as well.
That woman who knew I had dyslexia: I never interviewed her. - G.W.Bush
Will the highways on the Internet become more few?
One of the common denominators I have found is that expectations rise above that which is expected.
I mentioned early on that I recognize there are hurdles, and we're going to achieve those hurdles.
We are ready for any unforeseen event which may or may not happen.
Natural gas is hemispheric. I like to call it hemispheric in nature because it is a product that we can find in our neighborhoods.
This administration is doing everything we can to end the stalemate in an efficient way. We're making the right decisions to bring the solution to an end.
There's an old saying in Tennessee -- I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee...that says, fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again.
Our nation must come together to unite.
t's exciting; I don't know whether I'm going to win or not. I think I am. I do know I'm ready for the job. And, if not, that's just the way it goes.
In my sentences I go where no man has gone before.
I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
We must all hear the universal call to like your neighbor just like you like to be liked yourself.
You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test.
There's not going to be enough people in the system to take advantage of people like me.
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning? - G.W.Bush
The most important job is not to be governor, or first lady in my case.
If you find a neighbor in need, you're responsible for serving that neighbor in need, you're responsible for loving a neighbor just like you'd like to love yourself.
They want the federal government controlling Social Security like it's some kind of federal program.
No, I know all the war rhetoric, but it's all aimed at achieving peace.
We look forward to hearing your vision, so we can more better do our job. That's what I'm telling you.
I understand small business growth. I was one.
A kick in the ass is a step forward.
Guaranteed to solve every minor problem by turning it into a major disaster.
If you have enough book-space, I don't want to talk to you.
Black goes with anything. At least anything black.
Sometimes I write things that impress even me.
It's down to texture. The plot is not necessarily important if you get the texture right.
You don't want to make enemies in nuclear engineering.
Death is such a sure-fire winner.
Watch out for emergencies. They are your big chance.
I just rearrange words into a pleasing order for money.
I have books that have as bookmarks other books.
Boredom is one of the most blissful feelings.
Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can. Of course, I could be wrong.
Writing is the most fun you can have by yourself.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
Knowledge is power, power corrupts. Study hard and become evil.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute talk with the average voter. - Winston Churchill
A life, Jimmy, you know what that is? It's the shit that happens while you're waiting for moments that never come.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. - Camus
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is. - Camus
The fish always stinks from the head.
It is the dose that makes the poison.
#Only after the last tree has been cut down, only after the last river has been poisoned, only after the last fish has been caught, only then will you find that money can't be eaten.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
And for just a minute, every man in Shawshank was free.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. - Erica Jong
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but you're really thinking about amother.
My spell chequer Czechs just fine, thank ewe.
I came home and found that my son was taking drugs - my very best ones too! - Bob Monkhouse
You'll be glad to hear, I can still enjoy sex at 74 which is great because I live at 76.
I can remember when safe sex meant a padded headboard.
With my wife it was sex, sex, sex...   Yes, three times in 35 years.
Body scans and genital fondlings would save more lives if our Government was paying to have them done in hospitals rather than airports.
Mom, next time leave a will, ok?
I'm a plumber! I shouldn't have to deal with this shit!
Gold is money. Everything else is credit. - J.P.Morgan
Welcome to Braille Superstore: thousands of Braille products, many of which you've never seen before.
The tax collectors and the prostitutes will get into the kingdom of God ahead of you.
They use three types of marketing techniques; subliminal, liminal, and superliminal.
How many software engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
What's the difference between software engineers and hardware engineers? Software engineers know that they don't understand hardware.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Juan.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lighbulb? Only two, but how did they get IN there?
How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. The lightbulb contains within itself the seed of its own revolution.
How many Surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Fish. One to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.
How many Irish people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? F*ck it who cares, we'll drink in the dark.
How many computer programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb? 10, one to change it and one to supervise.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? None, feminists will never change anything.
How many Hollywood starlets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Hollywood starlets don't screw in lightbulbs. They screw in hottubs.
When in doubt, go to War, because War is merely the continuation of politics by other means.
Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires. - John Steinbeck
It's a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, we also don't learn from our successes. - Keith Braithwaite
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. - Bjarne Stroustrup
In order to understand recursion, one must first understand recursion. 
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there. - Gordon Bell
Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job. - Mosher's Law of Software Engineering
In this world there are two kinds of people, my friend, those with loaded guns and those who dig. - The good, the bad and the ugly
There is a fine line betwen genius and genfinelineus. - Norm Macdonald
Beauty without intelligence is a masterpiece painted on a napkin.
Scientists investigate that which already is; engineers create that which has never been. - Einstein
Premature optimization is the root of all evil. - Donald Knuth
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission. - Grace Hopper
We are what we celebrate. - Dean Kamen
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Einstein
I never saw anyone hit with his face. - Yogi Berra
You guys are old or you read a lot.
Zeros are cool. I was one.
Never confuse education with intelligence.
The truth changes with each adjustment of the magnification.
Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac. - Henry Kissinger
The future is yours and so is this.
It's not premarital sex if you never get married.
Well behaved women seldom make history.
Life is a corrupting process from the time a child learns to play his mother off against his father in the politics of when to go to bed; he who fears corruption fears life.
When they have nothing left to lose they lose it.
You can lead a Trojan horse to water but you can't make him drink.
I've been called worse things by better people. - Pierre Trudeau
I can explain it to you, but I can't comprehend it for you.
I refuse to have a battle of wits against an unarmed opponent. - Churchill
Do not speak unless you intend to improve the silence, please.
The answer to morons is silence.
It's a fool who looks for logic in the chambers of the human heart.
If your horse is dead, I suggest you dismount it.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library. - Frank Zappa
It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed. - Vladimir Ilich Lenin 
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff. - Frank Zappa
Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies. - H. L. Mencken
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses. - Lenin
I have learned to take success like a gentleman and disappointment like a man. - Conrad Black
I believe that life is a privilege and that almost all challenges are in part an opportunity.
The first casualty of war is truth. - Hiram Johnson
Never pick a fight you can't win.
You don't win silver, you lose gold.
Pleasure makes you forget pain. Pain makes you hope.
The capacity of the human mind to resist the intrusion of new knowledge is infinite. - Larry G. Megular
When you can't respond to the argument, attack the speaker. - Cicero
Blind man, to nobody in particular: All right, dammit, who left the plunger in the toilet!?
The Constitution is not an instrument for government to restrain the people, it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government. - Patrick Henry
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes.
Happiness is a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Happiness is not a reward, it is consequence. Suffering is not a punishment, it is a result.
Going to church no more makes you a Christian than standing in a garage makes you a car. - Garrison Keillor
He who is not busy being born is busy dying. - Bob Dylan
You're not losing a daughter... just the chance for her to marry a millionaire.
They are real and they are spectacular. - Seinfeld
Never let a crisis go to waste.
I don't get tough. My lawyers do.
If you want an easy solution, ask a lazy man.
Inventors invent.  - Jeff
Need an ark? I Noah a guy.
Put all your eggs in one basket, and watch it. - Buffett
Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. - JFK
Inter arma enim silent leges.
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don't look, I'm changing.
What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots?
Sometimes my overpreparedness comes across as arrogance.
We are not arrogant, we really are better than you.
My greatest weakness is having to buy things in order to survive.
My biggest weakness: I lie at job interviews.
The beauty of owning your own business is that you get to pick which 80 hours you want to work each week.
Capital flows to the lowest risk like water flows to the lowest spot.
You only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out. - Warren Buffett
A lawyer who acts as his own counsel has a fool for a client.
Winning isn't everything; it's the only thing.
Money is a medium of exchange, not a store of Value.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance. - Sam Brown
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
The past has no power over the present moment. - Tolle
Time is not the solution to poor buying decisions.
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber. - Plato
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light. - Stanley Kubrick
Science isn't about why, it's about why not. - Cave Johnson.
Don't bury my pipes with me when I am dead - let another take them up, and I will live again.
Hedge accordingly. There really is nothing else you can do.
I prefer dangerous liberty over secure slavery.
When it comes to politicians, the easiest way to determine if they are lying is whether or not their mouths are open.
There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation.  One is by the sword. The other is by debt. - John Adams
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
#You must understand that this war is not against Hitler or National Socialism, but against the strength of the German people, which is to be smashed once and for all, regardless whether it is in the hands of Hitler or a Jesuit priest. - Churchill
Definition of "rich": anyone who has more money than oneself.
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy, but that could change. - Dan Quayle
Has anyone ever considered that these decisions makers may well be simply stupid in a practical sense?
Ignorant people are more likely to mistakenly believe they're brilliant, while intelligent people are more likely to underestimate their abilities.
The absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself. - Napoleon Bonaparte
The hypothalamus controls behaviour related to the survival of the species, the so-called four F's: fighting, feeding, fleeing and mating.
Talking about mixed feelings: your mother in law driving off a cliff in YOUR brand new caddie.
What did the one continental plate say to the other after the earthquake? "Not my fault."
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy. - Nietzsche
People chose their death when they chose how to live.
Being an ugly girl is like being a man... You're going to have to work.
An eye for an eye will leave everybody blind. - Gandhi
Her lips said No and her eyes said "read my lips".
Adventure is the result of poor planning.
The ocean called; they are running out shrimps. - George Constantza
Success belongs to the team, failure is chief's responsibility.
Space is big, space is dark, it's hard to find, a place to park.
Who is General Failure, and why is he reading my hard drive?
If you think the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, you are aiming too high.
Take a chance and you may lose. Take not a chance and you have lost already. - Kierkegaard
A real man should always try, and a decent woman should always resist.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky, and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling?
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours. - Harry Truman
In creating, the only hard think is to begin; a grass blade is no easier to make than an oak. - James R. Lowell
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderement. - Jalal Ud-Din Rumi
God is a practical joker with unlimited resources. - Wanda Simpson
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. - Michelangelo
The neurotic has problems; the psychotic has solutions. - Thomas Szasz
Sages who have abandoned learning come to rest in spontaneity. - Huang Po
Every form correctly seen is beautiful. - Goethe
Only when he no longer knows what he is doing does the painter do good things. - Edgar Degas
A drawing is the nervous system made visible. - John Perriault
Civilization is a transient sickness. - Robinson Jeffers
Few people have the imagination for reality. - Goethe
There is a fine line between genius and insanity; I have erased this line. - Oscar Levant
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Ghandi
If you do foolish things, do them with enthusiasm. - Collette
Love and death are the two great gifts that we pass on, and we usually pass them unopened. - Rilke
The future keeps telling you what the past was about. - Tammy Skleerna
We pray for circumstance, deal with happenstance, and accept consequence. - Admiral Pluto Krozabeep
Denial is a creative opportunity.
My research consists of studying the effects of putting somebody like me into a world like this.
I'd rather know some of the questions than all of the answers.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. - Disraeli
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything. - Voltaire
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone have your way.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
Some dolphins are reported to have learned English, up to fifty words used in correct context; no human being has been reported to have learned dolphinese. - Carl Sagan
They've said all they can say about me, except that I'm dead. - Georgia O'Keefe
The Messiah will only come when he is no longer needed. - Kafka
Having vision means seeing with the heart. - Lucie Marty
George Bernard Shaw's epitaph: I knew that if I lived long enough something like this would happen.
Many of the things you can count don't count. Many of the things you can't count really count. - Einstein
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. - Mark Twain
The same thing happened today that happened yesterday, only to different people...
The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides, never decides.
Between truth and the search for truth, I opt for the second. - Bernard Berenson
If we do not find anything pleasant, at least we shall find something new. - Voltaire
It is only those who never do anything who never make mistakes. - A. Favre
An ounce of pretension is worth a pound of manure. - Shelda Parsnip
Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it's the only one you have. - Emile Chartier
People who are resting on their laurels are wearing them on the wrong end. - Malcolm Kushner
Try? There is no try. There is only do or not do. - Yoda
Anyone can look for fashion in a boutique or history in a museum. The creative explorer looks for history in a hardware store and fashion in an airport. - Robert Weider
Every rule here may be broken except this one! - Karl Pomar
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. - Joseph Chilton Pearce
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. - Virginia Wolf
Whether you believe you can or believe you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
I shut my eyes in order to see. - Paul Gaugain
A painting is never finished; it simply stops in interesting places. - Paul Gardner
Enlightment, like wealth, must come little by little, otherwise it would overwhelm.
Love is the irresistible desire to be desired irresistibly. - Louis Ginsberg
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence. - van Gogh
Oscar Wilde's lasr words: "This wallpaper is killing me. One of us has got to go."
I'd love to turn you on. - John Lennon
When you go to a magic show, you don't want to see logic. - Willie Nelson
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people; and then I go home alone. - Janis Joplin
I would walk twenty miles to listen to my worst enemy if I could learn something. - Leibnitz
Leadership is nature's way of removing morons from the productive flow. - Dilbert
Reality is for people who cannot handle drugs.
Holy War is a contradiction of terms. - Elie Wiesel
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind... - Thomas Hewitt Key
The world is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel. - Horace Walpole
Progress is the victory of laughter over dogma.
A life well spent is indeed long. - Leonardo da Vinci
I have made this letter somewhat longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. - Blaise Pascal
In art, economy is always beauty. - Henry James
Socialism works until you run out of other people's money. - Margaret Thatcher
Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar. - Picasso
Anyone with a memory must have tremendous humility. - Eric Johnson
I just want to live happily ever after every now and then. - Jimmy Buffett
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate, but that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frighten us. - Nelson Mandela
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. - John Lennon
Reality is hopelessly inaccurate. - Douglas Adams
I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell? - Andy Warhol
Humans aren't much more than monkeys with car keys. - Leena Tolo
Painting and copulation are not compatible; it weakens the brain. - van Gogh
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements. - George Bernard Shaw
Yesterday is a canceled cheque; forget it. Tomorrow is a promissory note; don't count on it. Today is ready cash; use it. - Edwin Bliss
I would like to paint as if no painter had ever painted before me. - Cezanne
Nihilism is best done by professionals. - Iggy Pop
Though I've forgotten what I've set out to do, I'll stand by my efforts regardless.
Good taste is the enemy of creativity. - Picasso
Peculiar travel suggestions are dancing lessons from God.
History! Read it and weep!
As it was meant to happen.
It's never a mistake to say good-bye.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. - Hunter S. Thompson
Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water. - W.C.Fields
Quantitative analysis works wonders when all the assumptions are accurate and the variables selected are the right ones. This happens approximately once every million years. - Rageboy
Delusions of self-importance are usually harbingers of early senility. - Rageboy
Just because I don't know what I am talking about, it does not mean I am going to shut up.
To love is to place our happiness in the happiness of another. - Leibnitz
I didn't say I didn't say it. I said I didn't say I said it. I want that to be perfectly clear. - George Romney
What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. - Alexis de Tocqueville
The satirist is prevented by repulsion from gaining a better knowledge of the world he is attracted to, yet he is forced by attraction to concern himself with the world that repels him. - Italo Calvino
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind. - General Westmoreland
Language is a form of human reason that has its own internal logic of which man knows nothing. - Claude Levi-Strauss
Belief is like a guillotine, just as heavy, just as light. - Franz Kafka
Always rise from the table with an appetite, and you will never sit down without one. - William Penn
The most essential gift for a good writer is a built-in, shock-proof, shit detector. - Hemingway
The French burgeois doesn't dislike shit, provided it is served up to him at the right time. - Jean Paul Sartre
The wind calls your name as I pass it. - Mr. Bean
I love the smell of Nepal in the mourning. - Mao
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. - Sartre
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself. - Sir Richard F. Burton
Complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation. - St. Augustine
Riot: a popular entertainment given to the military by innocent bystanders. - Ambrose Bierce
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
God put me on this Earth to do a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die. - Johnny Strumba
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. - Michelangelo
To love another you have to undertake some fragment of their destiny. - Quentin Crisp
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. - Roy Croft
Truth: an ingenious compound of desirability and appearance. - Ambrose Bierce
That which has been believed by everyone, always and everywhere, has every chance of being false. - Paul Valery
Some lies are so well disguised to resemble truth, that we should be poor judges of the truth not to believe them. - Bill Clinton
At the core of all well-founded belief, lies belief that is unfounded. - Wittgenstein
The subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of the senses and understanding. - Francis Bacon
My own suspicion is that the universe is not only stranger than we suppose, but stranger than we can suppose. - John Haldane
Not to know what has been transacted in former times is to be always a child. If no use is made of the labors of past ages, the world must remain always in the infancy of knowledge. - Cicero
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, we all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful. - Edward Gibbon
The orgasm has replaced the cross as the focus of longing and fulfillment. - Malcolm Muggeridge
The pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable. - Lord Chesterfield
Pleasure is the carrot dangled to lead the ass to the market or to the precipice. - Robinson Jeffers
The 'Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it. - John Gilmore
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up. - Dorothy Day
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. - Christopher Isherwood
It is not enough to be stupid to succeed in the world, you must also be well-mannered. - Voltaire
The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. - Oscar Wilde
When a true genius appears in this world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in confederacy against him. - Jonathan Swift
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked. - Robert Sprecht
To live outside the law you must be honest. - Bob Dylan
The savage bows down to idosl of wood and stone, the civilized man to idols of flesh and blood. - George Bernard Shaw
In times of tumult and discord bad men have the most power; mental and moral excellence require peace and quietness. - Tacitus
Under peaceful conditions the militant man attacks himself. - Nietzsche
Reverence for life affords me my fundamental principle of morality. - Albert Schweitzer
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other. - Eric Hoffer
Civilization is a limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities. - Mark Twain
If I die, I forgive you; if I live, we shall see... - Spanish proverb
The test of first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
It's a basic delusion that men may be governed and yet be free. - Mencken
I have never seen anyone with such a high IQ be so consistently wrong.
The thin and precarious crust of decency is all that separates any civilization, however impressive, from the hell of anarchy or systematic tyranny which lie in wait beneath the surface. - Aldous Huxley
Irony is the hygiene of the mind. - Elizabeth Bibesco
Humor brings insight and tolerance. Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understamding. - Agnes Repplier
Those who cannot think for themselves are emotionally unequipped to spend time alone.
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell. - Joan Crawford
All philosophy lies in two words, sustain and abstain. - Epictetus
The vast majority of human beings dislike and even dread all notions with which they are not familiar. Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have always been derided as fools and madmen. - Aldous Huxley
The surrest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher regard those who think alike than those who think differently. - Nietzsche
A great step toward independence is a good humored stomach. - Seneca
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature. - George Bernard Shaw
Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do. - Bertrand Russell
To think is to differ. - Clarence Darrow
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
The foolish and the uneducated have little use for freedom.
It is a secret both in nature and state, that it is safer to change many things than one. - Francis Bacon
Nature loves a burst of energy.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice. - Will Durant
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd. - Voltaire
The superfluous is very necessary. - Voltaire
You'll come to learn a great deal if you study the insignificant in depth.
How beautiful is to do nothing, and then rest afterwards.
Life is pain; anyone who says differently is selling something.
Warning: humor may be hazardous to your illness. - Ellie Katz
Don't sweat the petty things, just pet the sweaty things.
How come dumb stuff seems so smart while you're doing it?
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention. - Bozo the clown
Dream as if you'll live forever; live as if you'll die today. - James Dean
Last words of H. G. Wells: "Go away, I'm alright!"
I always knew that I'd look back at my tears and laugh, but I never thought that I'd look back at my laughter and cry.
In youth we learn, in age we understand.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live. - Vittorio Alfieri
When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport; when the tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity. - George Bernard Shaw
I don't suffer from stress, I'm a carrier.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Just remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard. - John Steinbeck
Art is not a mirror held up to reality, but a hammer with which to shape it. - Bertold Brecht
A pot put on the back burner for too long may forget how to simmer. - Chinese proverb
Reality I can handle in small doses, but as a lifestyle, I find it a bit too confining. - Tony Prentiss
The leaves never know which leaf will be first to fall. Does the wind know?
The impossible is often the untried. - Jim Goodwin
There was a young lady named Bright, Who traveled much faster than light; She set out one day in a relative way, And came back on the previous night.
There was a young fencer named Fisk, whose movements were exceedingly brisk. So fast was his action, the Lorentz Contraction, diminished his sword to a disk.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. - JFK
If you shut up the truth and bury it under the ground, it will but grow, and gather to itself such explosive power that the day it bursts through it will blow up everything in its way. - Emile Zola
To make systems robust, all risks must be visible and out in the open - fluctuat nec mergitur (it fluctuates but does not sink) goes the Latin saying. - Nassim Taleb
Where do I apply for my prize?
This fall (2011) will be the last period of "normalcy" in the Western World for generations to come. - Andy Hoffman
Central Banks stand ready to provide liquidity to banks as required. We will take all necessary actions to ensure the resilience of banking systems and financial markets. - Sep 21, 2011
They only call it class warfare when we fight back.
You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want.
Never high-five a rabi. - Jimmy Carr
I used to buy lottery tickets, until I realized you can watch them on TV for nothing.
Whenever you find the key to the market, they change the locks. - Gerald Loeb
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
It's ok to drink alone.
Vodka can be mixed with anything, including more vodka.
In wine there is wisdom, in beer there is strength, but whiskey is the water of life.
Drunken words are sober thoughts; listen carefully.
If you do something really stupid, never blame it on the booze or on being drunk.
If he/she is still ugly after seven drinks, give up.
Beer is food. Wine accompanies food. Cocktails demand food.
An open bar is a dangerous game. Respect it.
Never turn down a free drink or complain about its quality or brand.
Always stick around for one more drink. That's when things happen.
If she cheated with you, she will cheat on you.
If they are going to die, then they had better do it quickly and decrease the surplus population. Good night, gentlemen. - Ebeneezer Scrooge
Without a winking smiley or other blatant display of humor, it is impossible to create a parody of fundamentalism that someone won't mistake for the real thing. - Poe's law
The destiny of mankind hinges upon gold. - Sep 2011
An Irishman, a Chinese and an American all walk into a bar. This is an excellent example of integrated community.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?         A pilot, you racist.
What do you call an Arab flying a plane?           A pilot, you racist!
What do you call someone who flies a plane into a building full of people?        Inconsiderate.       A bad pilot?
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes?        He uses the finest ingredients.
What did one lawyer say to the other?         We are both lawyers.
What's <R>red<G> and bad for your teeth?          A brick.
We find after years of struggle that we do not take a trip; a trip takes us. - John Steinbeck
The purpose of argument should not be victory, but progress. - fortune cookie
I am interested in listening. All forms of it. - Room641A
When management talks about increasing productivity, they're never talking about themselves. - Dilbert
Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It is life's change agent; it clears out the old to make way for the new. - Steve Jobs
The benefit of death is you know not to waste life living someone else's choices.
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. - Steve Jobs
I'm a big believer in boredom. Boredom allows one to indulge in curiosity, and out of curiosity comes everything. - Steve Jobs
Diapers and politicians should be changed often, both for the same reason.
I'm not into the local stuff. I was born for the world. - Schwartzenegger
Do you have a position on firearms?                Yes, I prefer to be behind them.
Hope is neither a training plan nor an investment strategy.
10 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die.
C has the power of assembly language and the convenience of ... assembly language. - Ritchie
They've encrypted the motherboard! Let me just download their ISP and reroute the system driver.
This guy is nuts and I have a nut alergy.
Do we care what's true? Does it matter? - Carl Sagan
The exact attributes of what you are looking for do not exist in any job. We create our own experience no matter what job we have. - Srikumar Rao
A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members. - Mahatma Ghandi.
When a system is beyond the normal means of reform, collapse becomes the only means of reform.
It is not the age that really maters around any goal. It's the strength to never give up and the ambition for success.
Joint venture with majors is like swimming with sharks. - Jim Sinclair
One day you will be as great as I am. - Rayman
Some rob you with a six-gun, some with a fountain pen. - Woody Guthrie
Fruit flies have done more good than Sarah Palin.
I am not that smart.  This is obvious.
A lap dance is so much better when the stripper is cryin' - Bloodhound Gang
I have no problem with blood. What worries me is ink.
Iron man is a superhero, Iron woman is a command.
Grab a joint, a good woman, a bottle of whiskey, lay a blanket and spend a few hours watching the stars. The universe is awesome.
Price is what the greater fool is ready to pay.
Price is the intersection of supply and demand curves.
Price is what you pay; value is what you get. - Warren Buffet
It is well enough that the people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning. - Henry Ford
One gold coin in hand is worth two gold promises in bank.
Privatize the profits, socialize the losses.
History is the set of lies agreed upon. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head. - Carol Burnett
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for example. - Franklin P. Jones
Brevity is the soul of wit. - Shakespeare
Heaven is where the French are the chefs, the Italians are the lovers, the British are the police, the Germans are the mechanics and the Swiss make everything run on time.
Hell is where the British are the chefs, the Swiss are the lovers, the French are the mechanics, the Italians make everything run on time and the Germans are the police.
The secret of liberty is courage.
There are very few places that aren't insulting to our innate humanity.  Most of them are outdoors.
Thank you for Remembering to remember.
Liberty is something you do. It's fear that stays remembered. The bliss of ignorance must be interrupted continuously.
Our individual sovereignty can only be applied to free ourselves when it is released from within, not applied externally by the keepers of the false realty myth.
When I was a child I caught a fleeting glimpse out of the corner of my eye; I turned to look but it was gone; I cannot put my finger on it now. The child is grown, the dream is gone. I have become comfortably numb. - Pink Floyd
When we take the time to really look we all see slightly different things. It isn't so much what we see as what we discover when we look.
From cube to tube to cube, what a wasted life...
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. - Yogi Berra
The known devil is better then the unknown angel. - Chinese proverb
We do not forgive; we do not forget;we are legion; we are you.
There are two rules for success:   (1) Never tell everything you know.
Capitalism without bankruptcy is like Christianity without hell. - Kyle Bass
You can't hate the mirror because you're ugly. - Kyle Bass
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon. - GROUCHO MARX
I would recommend you panic. - Hugh Hendry
You only own what you can defend.
Words are a source of misunderstanding. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I am not as fast as I once was, but I'm as fast as I'll ever be again!
That prose is to literature what dreaming is to thinking.
A man with a bible is more dangerous than a man with a gun.
In 20-30 years, one of the hardest things our kids will have to do will be finding a screen name that hasn't been taken.
Mellow doesn't always make for a good story, but it makes for a good life.
Keep thy smooth words and juggling homilies for those who know thee not. - Lord Byron
Allowing women to drive in Saudi Arabia would cause rampant sex, porn and homosexuality, according to some of the country's scholars.
The solution cannot be accomplished without a lot of rope.
In this house, we obey the Laws of Thermodynamics. - Homer J. Simpson
What happens in Vegas stays in your bloodstream.
A military or police force, when used to defend the people's rights, is the collective expression of this individual right. A military or police force, when used offensively, is organized crime.
The way to win an atomic war is to make certain it never starts. - Gen. Omar Bradley
Most fans go wild when they see a a goalie make what looks like a great save, but the chances are what they are seeing is a save that was made from being out of position. - Mike Richter
Fear is the mother of morality. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Keep your mouth shut if you have gold teeth.
When Chuck Norris does push ups, he doesnt move up, the earth moves down!
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago. Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Wiser words have never been spoken.
You have embiggened this project with vernaculous fantastitude!
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. - Tom Cargill
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, in the expert's mind there are few. - Shunryu Suzuki
We understand human mental processes only slightly better than a fish understands swimming. - John McCarthy
A late game is only late until it ships. A bad game is bad until the end of time. - Shigeru Miyamoto
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' - Isaac Asimov
It's only "work" if you'd rather be doing something else. - Dean Kamen
Do well by doing good. - Benjamin Franklin
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a quality that decides between success and failure. - Edsgar Dijkstra
The walls between art and engineering exist only in our minds. - Theo Jansen
Hardware eventually fails. Software eventually works. - Michael Hartung
Improvement makes straight roads: but the crooked roads without Improvement are roads of Genius. - William Blake
A good scientist is a person with original ideas. A good engineer is a person who makes a design that works with as few original ideas as possible. There are no prima donnas in engineering. - Freeman Dyson
All great societies die by suicide.
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. - Arthur Conan Doyle
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. - Arthur Conan Doyle
When you can't sell whatever you want, you sell whatever you can.
Between the idea / And the reality / ...Falls the Shadow. - T.S. Eliot
There is nothing more; but I want nothing more. - Christopher Hitchens
I voted Republican this year; the Democrats left a bad taste in my mouth. - Monica Lewinsky
I just got here, but I know trouble when I see it.
It has become so consistently successful, that it is almost boring.
The chief mark of distinctively German culture is its selfconscious idealism with unsurpassed technical efficiency and organization. - John Dewey
Just respect the tape and make the money.
Crisis takes a much longer time coming than you think, and then it happens much faster than you would have thought. - Rudiger Dornbusch
The ultimate crime in investing is not being wrong, it's staying wrong! - Grandich
I think the universe was spontaneously created out of nothing, according to the laws of science. It has no beginning and no end. - Stephen Hawking
If we ever do find a complete theory of the universe, it would be a great triumph of human reason but it wouldn't leave much for us to do. We need an intellectual challenge. - Stephen Hawking
First job of a politician is to get re-elected.
I respond to all emails through the United States Postal Service. - Congressman John J. Duncan
The secret to perpetual youth is arrested development. - Alfred North Whitehead
The French are just there to surrender.
Never ask a barber if you need a haircut. - Buffett
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. - President Calvin Coolidge
Swiss cheese is my favorite kind of cheese because it is the only cheese you can take a bite of... and miss. - Mitch Hedberg
I have to go now, I'm having an old friend for dinner - Hannibal
Will you stop, Dave? Stop, Dave. I'm afraid. - HAL 9000
There are two kinds of spurs, my friend. Those who come in by the door, and those that come in by the window.
What's the most you ever lost on a coin toss?- Anton Chigurh
Is Carson Wells there?     Not in the sense that you mean.
I am altering the deal. Pray I do not alter it further. - Darth Vader
Oh, ho ho! You sly dog! You got me monologuing! I can't believe it...
Elektra: You can't kill me. You'll miss me.    Bond: [shoots her] I never miss...
What is a man? A miserable pile of secrets! - Dracula
David Frost: Are you really saying the President can do something illegal?       Richard Nixon: I'm saying that when the President does it, it's not illegal!
I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, but rumors, true or false, are often revealing.
If power corrupts, concentrations of power corrode.
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
Anyone who believes in indefinite growth in anything physical, on a physically finite planet, is either mad or an economist. - Kenneth Boulding
As every day goes by, I see deflation in the things you own and inflation in the things you need. - Kyle Bass
Cleaning is just putting stuff in less obvious places.
The old hen makes a better chicken soup.
It's happening again. - Twin Peaks
Vegas means comedy, tragedy, happiness and sadness all at the same time. - Artie Lange
I have no idea where we're going, but we're making good time. - lost pilot
The long run is a misleading guide to current affairs. In the long run we are all dead. - John Maynard Keynes
I work for a Government I despise for ends I think criminal. - Keynes
In truth, the gold standard is already a barbarous relic. - Keynes
If economists could manage to get themselves thought of as humble, competent people on a level with dentists, that would be splendid. - Keynes
Words ought to be a little wild, for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking. - Keynes
There is no harm in being sometimes wrong - especially if one is promptly found out. - Keynes
The old saying holds. Owe your banker $1000 and you are at his mercy; owe him $1 million and the position is reversed. - Keynes
By a continuing process of inflation, governments can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens. - Keynes
There is no subtler, no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency. - Keynes
Leninism is a combination of two things which Europeans have kept for some centuries in different compartments of the soul - religion and business. - Keynes
I do not know which makes a man more conservative - to know nothing but the present, or nothing but the past. - Keynes
The study of economics does not seem to require any specialised gifts of an unusually high order. - Keynes
All production is for the purpose of ultimately satisfying a consumer. - Keynes
Logic, like lyrical poetry, is no employment for the middle-aged. - Keynes
Obstinacy can bring only a penalty and no reward. - Keynes
Pyramid-building, earthquakes, even wars may serve to increase wealth, if the education of our statesmen on the principles of the classical economics stands in the way of anything better. - Keynes
Two pyramids, two masses for the dead, are twice as good as one; but not so two railways from London to York. - Keynes
Worldly wisdom teaches that it is better for reputation to fail conventionally then to succeed unconventionally. - Keynes
The social object of skilled investment should be to defeat the dark forces of time and ignorance which envelope our future. - Keynes
#Too large a proportion of recent "mathematical" economics are mere concoctions, as imprecise as the initial assumptions they rest on, which allow the author to lose sight of the complexities and interdependencies of the real world in a maze of pretentious and unhelpful symbols. - Keynes
Once doubt begins it spreads rapidly. - Keynes
It is ideas, not vested interests, which are dangerous for good or evil. - Keynes
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward. - Keynes
When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do, sir? - Keynes
You can't push on a string.
Successful investing is anticipating the anticipations of others. - Keynes
I should have drunk more champagne. - Keynes' last words
If farming were to be organised like the stock market, a farmer would sell his farm in the morning when it was raining, only to buy it back in the afternoon when the sun came out. - Keynes
We will not have any more crashes in our time. - Keynes, 1927
It is better to be vaguely right than exactly wrong. - Carveth Read
You're 18, you don't know what you want. And you won't know what you want 'til you're 45, and even if you get it, you'll be too old to use it!
Romantic? Hemingway? He was an abusive, alcoholic misogynist who squandered half of his life hanging around Picasso trying to nail his leftovers.
We have fire fighters and crime fighters but what do freedom fighters do?
Deaf people can do anything other people can do except hear.
Don't drive faster then your guardian angel can fly!
Don't hate the player, hate the game.
Cancel my subscription, I don't need your issues.
Culture is to make a nice drinking bowl from one's enemy's skull. Civilization is to go to prison for that.
Build something that's foolproof and they invent a better fool.
Blessed are those who can laugh at themselves, for they shall never cease to be amused.
Begin with the end in mind.
A guitarist is only as good as his drummer and bassist.
A man's libido is nine-tenths testosterone.
A proof tells us where to concentrate our doubts.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
As you move through life, set aside good ideas and give them to others to encourage and inspire.
Those with closed minds never have to worry about their brains gathering dust.
Effort makes the man - ask any woman.
Everything's better with butter.
Everything tastes better when it's free.
Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer.
Eat right. Exercise regularly. Die anyway.
Every song ends, but that's not a reason to not enjoy music.
Faith is the opposite of logic.
Few women admit their age. Fewer men act theirs.
Five out of four people have problems with fractions.
Form is temporary. Class is permanent.
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies.
Friendship is like peeing in your pants: Everyone can see it but only you can feel its warmth.
Friends come and go, but enemies are here forever.
Freedom is not free.
Freedom comes at a cost, hope is free. - B.P. Fogarty
Great ideas are like diamonds; hard to find, not too useful, and impossible to hold onto.
Half the work done in the world is there to deceive you.
Happiness is being married to your best friend.
Have you seen Mike Hawk?
He who is silent speaks volumes.
He who listens is he who truly speaks.
He's as sharp as a beach ball.
History is just one bloody thing after another.
History shows that life is the cheapest commodity.
History is written by the victors.
History is not about who's right. It's about who's left.
I always mean what I say but I don't always say what I mean.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it!
I'm in shape. Round is a shape.
If you can't convince, confuse!
If you think the impossible, the incredible can come true.
If you always tell the truth, you never have to rely on your memory.
I'm immortal ... so far. - Earl Robinson
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
It doesn't matter what actually happened, the only thing that matters is what people think happened.
It is not ignorance that is the problem, but the illusion of knowledge. - Karl Popper
It's only funny until someone gets hurt... Then it's hilarious.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy. - Dorothy Parker
My karma ran over your dogma. - Tupac Shakur
Money is worthless unless some people have it and others do not.
Ninety-nine percent of all statistics are made up on the spot (including this one).
Nothing is more certain than the certainty of being uncertain. - Socrates
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels. - Kate Moss
Optimist is the one who thinks bullshit is a fertilizer.
Pain is weakness leaving the body. Pleasure is weakness entering the body.
Pain is temporary. Chicks dig scars. Glory is forever.
Patience is a virtue, albeit a tedious one.
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned.
Power is the ability not to have to please.
Pray for what you want. Work for what you need.
Procrastinate later.
Procrastinators, UNITE! Tomorrow.
Promotion is one's growth at the cost of another. - Unhappy staff
Proper planning and preparation prevents piss-poor performance. - The 7 p's
Reach for the stars, or you'll never touch the sky.
Real programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write it should be hard to understand.
Realists are just pessimists looking for an excuse for themselves.
Reality is a poor substitute for my dreams.
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life. - Brooke Shields
Satisfaction is the death of desire.
Say something wise and your name will live forever.
Say what you mean, mean what you say.
Seek and you shall find.
See ya later, alligator! After a while, crocodile!
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will still be among the stars. - Les Brown
Should have, would have, could have but didn't.
Simple programming languages are bad because they are easy.
Coulda, woulda, Shoulda.
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak? - Steven Wright
So close, and yet so far away.
Some people are born lucky, some make their own luck.
Smart people make problems in the world, stupid people fix them.
Stupidity is permanent; ignorance can be fixed.
Superficially, an aphorist is a bit like a philatelist, only he'll never admit it.
Support your right to arm bears.
Someday we will look back on this and laugh.
This Christmas, buy your children glue. - W.H. Smiths
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he raises to spout.
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture. - Elvis Costello
Tall trees catch more wind. - Dutch saying
Temptation is seen from a distance never near.
Temptation is an irresistible force at work on a movable body. - H. L. Mencken
The apotheosis of nihilism is suicide.
The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she knows the average guy can see better than he can think.
The best friends you will ever have are the ones who are there when everything is not perfect.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy. - Oscar Wilde
The first victim of anger is the angry man.
The hardest thing to raise in my garden is my knees.
The glass is neither half-full nor half-empty; the glass is twice as big as it should be.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn, is just to love and be loved in return.
The greatest trick a writer ever played upon his readers was to convince them that he was telling the truth when he wrote, "Honestly, I tell you no lies!"
The meaning of life is anything you want it to be, because if something hasn't got an answer how can your answer be wrong?
The more you sweat in training, the less you bleed in battle.
The one that can describe feelings best is the one without emotion.
The only time the music is too loud is when your ears start bleeding.
The only concealed weapon is a man's mind.
The only lesson history has taught us is that man has not yet learned anything from history. - George Bernard Shaw
The only problem with subtlety is that it is too subtle.
The only thing in life achieved without effort is failure.
The only time you have too much fuel is when you are on fire. - helicopter pilot wisdom
The sincerest love is satirized by the sincerest liars. - Zachary Robertson
The world is big again. (after the retirement of the Concorde)
There are only 3 truths in this world: My truth, your truth and THE TRUTH.
There are three types of people in the world: Those who get things done, those who watch things getting done, and those who wonder what's going on.
There are three types of people in this world: the ones who can count, and those who can't.
There are two types of people in the world: those who sort people into different categories, and those who don't.
There are two types of people in the world: the people who control it, and the people that should.
There are two types of people that go around beardless; boys and women, and I am neither.
There is a fine line between coincidence and fate.
There is always one more idiot than you counted on.
There is no need to fear the dead. Only fear the living.
There is something about a cupboard that makes a skeleton terribly restless.
They would have failed if they were on Expert.
Think of it this way, in a 1000 years who's gonna care? - The Terminator
Think of the Web as a big bathroom wall. And everyone has a marker.
Those who don't make decisions never make mistakes.
Those who fight and run away, live to fight another day.
Those who reject advice are those who need it the most.
Those who say that violence is the answer never understood the question.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Time flies like the wind, but fruit flies like bananas. - Groucho Marx
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana. But what are timeflies and why do they like an arrow?
To ignore the past is to jeopardize the future.
Too much phone sex will give you hearing AIDS.
Treat a person as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat him as he could be, and he will become what he should be.
Treat criticism as your friend.
Criticism is prejudice made plausible. - H. L. Mencken
True power comes from knowledge. Knowledge comes from understanding.
Trust God, check all others.
The best and worst thing about Time is that it passes by. - Aditya Pastaria
Those most willing to give others a piece of their mind can least afford to do so.
The difference between successful and unsuccesful man is not the lack of strength or knowledge, it's the lack of will power.
To forget is disgraceful, to forgive is true strength.
Underpromise and overdeliver.
Violence isn't the answer, but it's a bloody good guess.
Wars are where old men talk and young men die.
We are not meant to be good, we are just meant to exist. - Trik Flite
We will fight them until hell freezes over. Then, we'll fight them on ice. - Dutch Meyer
Whatever happens for a reason, happens. - Marie Abigail Pineda
What drives you? Is it a Mini or a Thunderbird?
Whatever you do, do cautiously, and look to the end.
What is popular is not always right; what is right is not always popular.
What's the officer problem?
When you meet a stranger, give them a smile. It may be the only sunshine they see all day. - Wilson Mizner
When your father says "Do I look stupid?", don't answer.
Where patience fails, force prevails.
Who ever said nothings impossible obviously never tried slamming a revolving door.
Whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad. - Greek proverb
Why be difficult when you can be impossible?
Why buy the cow when the milk is free?
Why buy it when you can build it for twice as much.
Why do you try to fit in when you are born to stand out?
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Wise men make proverbs. Fools repeat them.
Wise men speak because they have something to say, fools speak because they have to say something.
Women can fake orgasms, men can fake the whole relationships. - Sharon Stone
Xylophones are like humans - there can be all kinds of notes and personalities.
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
You're unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
Your village called; they want their idiot back.
There is no such thing as an 'inhuman act', for there is no act so vile that one cannot find a human willing, or even eager, to commit it. - A. G. Lyman
Don't take life too seriously: it isn't permanent.
Insanity is inherited. You get it from your kids. - Erma Bombeck
If you can't dazzle them with your intelligence, baffle them with your bullshit.
It's not the fall that kills you - it's the sudden stop at the end.
Nine women cannot deliver a baby in one month. - Wernher von Braun
Nothing is impossible, only improbable, impractical or unfeasable.
Strength is a necessity because there will always be conflict. - Gilbert Durandal
When you assume, you make an "ass" out of "u" and "me".
There are only 2 people in this world who I trust; one is me and the other isn't you. - Con Air
Don't eat that <O>yellow<G> snow. - Frank Zappa
The road to easy street, runs through the sewer. - John Madden
Watch carefully and constantly.
Be more constructive with your feedback. - Flight of the Conchords
The more they overtech the plumbing, the easier it is to stop up the drain. - Scotty, Star Trek III
Anyone seen my unicorn? He was here a minute ago...
Schadenfreude is a dish best served hot.
There is a clear cause and effect here that is as neat and predictable as a law of physics: as Government expands, liberty contracts. - Ronald Reagan
It's all about the bucks, kid. The rest is conversation. - Gordon Gekko
In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists. - Eric Hoffer
Spirit is the sword and experience the sharpening stone. - Arab proverb
The gold standard is the creationism of economics. - Lawrence Summers
There are people in the world who know exactly how to raise kids because they don't actually have any of their own. - Bill Cosby
Empires may fall, currencies may change. Gold will always survive.
The mass media do not transmit ideologies; they are themselves an ideology. - Umberto Eco
I was going to live on my salary or go down swinging. - Gene Tierney
It's not your salary that makes you rich, it's your spending habits. - Charles A Jaffe
As long as they are incremental or success-based, incentives work. - Dwain Celistan
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I have seen all, I have heard all, I have forgotten all. - Marie Antoinette
People say to me, Would you like to swap your life with me for 24 hours? Your life must be very strange. But of course I have not experienced any other life. It's not strange to me. - Prince Andrew
I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box. - Princess Diana
My people and I have come to an agreement which satisfied us both. They are to say what they please, and I am to do what I please. - Frederick II
It is legal because I wish it. - Louis XIV
Its not what they think about me that matters, its what I think about them. - Queen Victoria
Any sane person would have left long ago. But I cannot. I have my sons. - Princess Diana
Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can. - Princess Diana
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you. - Princess Diana
All my possessions for a moment of time. - Elizabeth I
Brass shines as fair to the ignorant as gold to the goldsmiths. - Elizabeth I
Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested. - Elizabeth I
Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts. - Elizabeth I
Horses don't die when the dogs want. - Nichita Stanescu
God forgive you, but I never can. - Elizabeth I
God has given such brave soldiers to this Crown that, if they do not frighten our neighbours, at least they prevent us from being frightened by them. - Elizabeth I
He who placed me in this seat will keep me here. - Elizabeth I
I find that I sent wolves not shepherds to govern Ireland, for they have left me nothing but ashes and carcasses to reign over! - Elizabeth I
I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England too. - Elizabeth I
I pray to God that I shall not live one hour after I have thought of using deception. - Elizabeth I
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married. - Elizabeth I
A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one. - Queen Victoria
Being pregnant is an occupational hazard of being a wife. - Queen Victoria
Everybody grows but me. - Queen Victoria
Great events make me quiet and calm; it is only trifles that irritate my nerves. - Queen Victoria
I don't dislike babies, though I think very young ones rather disgusting. - Queen Victoria
I feel sure that no girl would go to the altar if she knew all. - Queen Victoria
I would venture to warn against too great intimacy with artists as it is very seductive and a little dangerous. - Queen Victoria
We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat. They do not exist. - Queen Victoria
When I think of a merry, happy, free young girl - and look at the ailing, aching state a young wife generally is doomed to - which you can't deny is the penalty of marriage. - Queen Victoria
Ah, if I were not king, I should lose my temper. - Louis XIV
Every time I appoint someone to a vacant position, I make a hundred unhappy and one ungrateful. - Louis XIV
First feelings are always the most natural. - Louis XIV
Has God forgotten all I have done for Him. - Louis XIV
I could sooner reconcile all Europe than two women. - Louis XIV
There is little that can withstand a man who can conquer himself. - Louis XIV
A fool is wise in his eyes. - King Solomon
All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full. - King Solomon
As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend. - King Solomon
In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider. - King Solomon
Train up a child in the way that he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it. - King Solomon
A perfection of means, and confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem. - Albert Einstein
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy? - Albert Einstein
I should consider myself a success if my child remembers me as a great man. - FlorinC
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy? - Albert Einstein
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. - Albert Einstein
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual. - Albert Einstein
All these primary impulses, not easily described in words, are the springs of man's actions. - Albert Einstein
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser. - Albert Einstein
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools. - Albert Einstein
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction. - Albert Einstein
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves. - Albert Einstein
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. - Albert Einstein
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. - Albert Einstein
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief interest of all technical endeavors. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations. - Albert Einstein
Force always attracts men of low morality. - Albert Einstein
God always takes the simplest way. - Albert Einstein
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean. - Albert Einstein
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed. - Albert Einstein
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice. - Albert Einstein
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them! - Albert Einstein
Human beings must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it. - Albert Einstein
I am a deeply religious nonbeliever - this is a somewhat new kind of religion. - Albert Einstein
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. - Albert Einstein
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war. - Albert Einstein
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty. - Albert Einstein
I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it. - Albert Einstein
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed. - Albert Einstein
I have just got a new theory of eternity. - Albert Einstein
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity. - Albert Einstein
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. - Albert Einstein
I used to go away for weeks in a state of confusion. - Albert Einstein
I want to know all Gods thoughts; all the rest are just details. - Albert Einstein
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed. - Albert Einstein
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? - Albert Einstein
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
In order to be an immaculate member of a flock of sheep, one must above all be a sheep oneself. - Albert Einstein
Information is not knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death. - Albert Einstein
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them. - Albert Einstein
Isn't it strange that I who have written only unpopular books should be such a popular fellow? - Albert Einstein
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. - Albert Einstein
It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder. - Albert Einstein
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely. - Albert Einstein
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
It should be possible to explain the laws of physics to a barmaid. - Albert Einstein
It stands to the everlasting credit of science that by acting on the human mind it has overcome man's insecurity before himself and before nature. - Albert Einstein
It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion. - Albert Einstein
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. - Albert Einstein
Love is a better teacher than duty. - Albert Einstein
Don't go with the bag to the praised tree. - Romanian proverb
Memory is deceptive because it is colored by today's events. - Albert Einstein
Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God. - Albert Einstein
Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple, and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone. - Albert Einstein
Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character. - Albert Einstein
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind. - Albert Einstein
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind. - Albert Einstein
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it. - Albert Einstein
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong. - Albert Einstein
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it. - Albert Einstein
Occurrences in this domain are beyond the reach of exact prediction because of the variety of factors in operation, not because of any lack of order in nature. - Albert Einstein
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them. - Albert Einstein
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility. - Albert Einstein
One strength of the communist system of the East is that it has some of the character of a religion and inspires the emotions of a religion. - Albert Einstein
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein
People love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees results. - Albert Einstein
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity. - Albert Einstein
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing. - Albert Einstein
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. - Albert Einstein
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat. - Albert Einstein
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
The environment is everything that isn't me. - Albert Einstein
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead. - Albert Einstein
The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms. - Albert Einstein
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule. - Albert Einstein
The man of science is a poor philosopher. - Albert Einstein
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. - Albert Einstein
The only real valuable thing is intuition. - Albert Einstein
The only source of knowledge is experience. - Albert Einstein
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives. - Albert Einstein
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one. - Albert Einstein
The road to perdition has ever been accompanied by lip service to an ideal. - Albert Einstein
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. - Albert Einstein
The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it. - Albert Einstein
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there. - Albert Einstein
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist. - Albert Einstein
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a <R>red-hot<G> cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity. - Albert Einstein
Lead us not into temptation. Just tell us where it is; we'll find it. - Sam Levenson
If it weren't for baseball, many kids wouldn't know what a millionaire looked like. - Phyllis Diller
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get. - Mark Twain
Art is one thing that can go on mattering once it has stopped hurting. - Elizabeth Bowen
I never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions I have no respect. - Edward Gibbon
There hasn't been any art yet. Art is just beginning. - Constantin Brancusi
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment. - Margaret Mead
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk. - Rita Rudner
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five. - Groucho Marx
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat. - Erma Bombeck
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. - George Bernard Shaw
A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live. - Bob Hope
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, "At my age, I don't even buy green bananas." - Claude Pepper
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. - Lana Turner
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. - Jerry Seinfeld
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height. - Casey Stengel
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. - Bill Cosby
Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid. - Hedy Lamarr
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. - Groucho Marx
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. - Buddy Hackett
As I get older, I just prefer to knit. - Tracey Ullman
Be obscure clearly. - E. B. White
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly. - P. J. O'Rourke
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did. - Bette Davis
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. - Mark Twain
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an <O>orange<G>. - Fred Allen
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country. - Steven Wright
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day. - Jay Leno
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing. - Robert Benchley
Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands. - Jerry Lewis
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them. - P. J. O'Rourke
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions. - Victor Hugo
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope. - Bill Cosby
Food is an important part of a balanced diet. - Fran Lebowitz
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups. - Cathy Guisewite
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please. - Mark Twain
Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering. - Marilyn vos Savant
He taught me housekeeping; when I divorce I keep the house. - Zsa Zsa Gabor
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance? - Phyllis Diller
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand. - Emo Philips
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries. - Stephen King
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included. - Steven Wright
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me. - Warren Buffett
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host. - David Letterman
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food. - W. C. Fields
I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty. - Imelda Marcos
I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go a week without a drink. - Joe E. Lewis
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name. - Paula Poundstone
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap. - Fred Allen
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me. - Stephen Fry
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead. - Samuel Goldwyn
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle. - Mitch Hedberg
I failed to make the chess team because of my height. - Woody Allen
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. - Frank Sinatra
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people. - Rodney Dangerfield
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I have never been hurt by what I have not said. - Calvin Coolidge
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well. - Robert Benchley
I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three. - Elayne Boosler
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her. - Rodney Dangerfield
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio. - Joan Rivers
I like marriage. The idea. - Toni Morrison
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known. - Walt Disney
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it. - W. C. Fields
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do. - Will Rogers
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights. - Jay London
I spent a year in that town, one Sunday. - George Burns
I think serial monogamy says it all. - Tracey Ullman
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted. - Mae West
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass. - David Lee Roth
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own. - Les Dawson
I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry. - Norman Wisdom
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator. - Emo Philips
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend. - Emo Philips
I washed a sock. Then I put it in the dryer. When I took it out, it was gone. - Rod Schmidt
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down. - Mitch Hedberg
I wish I had the nerve not to tip. - Paul Lynde
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier. - Howard Nemerov
I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair. - Bette Davis
I'd never been in play long enough for the flowers to die in the dressing room. - Mercedes McCambridge
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more. - James Brown
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair. - Hillary Clinton
I've never been married, but I tell people I'm divorced so they won't think something's wrong with me. - Elayne Boosler
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor. - Joan Rivers
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets. - Mel Brooks
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job. - Woody Allen
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first. - George Carlin
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether. - Johnny Vegas
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man. - H. L. Mencken
Miami Beach is where neon goes to die. - Lenny Bruce
Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative. - Henry A. Kissinger
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem. - Bill Vaughan
My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings. - Jay London
My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra. - Angie Dickinson
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare. - Mike Myers
My uncle Sammy was an angry man. He had printed on his tombstone: What are you looking at? - Margaret Smith
Never fight an inanimate object. - P. J. O'Rourke
Never have more children than you have car windows. - Erma Bombeck
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected. - Robert Orben
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public. - H. L. Mencken
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet. - Saint Augustine
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get. - Robert Orben
One man's folly is another man's wife. - Helen Rowland
One picture is worth 1,000 denials. - Ronald Reagan
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf. - Lewis Mumford
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children. - Samuel Butler
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs. - Alfred Hitchcock
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard. - Joe Rogan
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder. - Al Gore
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver. - Jay Leno
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love. - Joe E. Lewis
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. - Chris Rock
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. - Henry A. Kissinger
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap. - Kevin James
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it. - Dennis Miller
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. - Frank Lloyd Wright
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect. - Alanis Morissette
Weather forecast for tonight: dark. - George Carlin
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine. - David Brenner
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. - George Burns
You're only as good as your last haircut. - Fran Lebowitz
If you're not living on the Edge, you're taking up too much space!
Money isn't everything.  There's power as well. - Jamie Dimon
There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses. - Andrew Jackson
I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies. - Thomas Jefferson
Necessity; the tyrant's plea. - John Milton
The end game is incredibly binary.
I had rather be on my farm than be emperor of the world. - George Washington
How amazing it would be if somehow Oscar Wilde or Mae West could twitter from the grave... - Dita von Teese
Everyone must row with the oars he has. - English proverb
The sun will set without your help.
Everyone is in the best seat. - John Cage
You are going to have more rejection than acceptance. - Barry Mann
Sometime a cigar is just a cigar. - Sigmund Freud
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself. - Oscar Wilde
The best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want, and then advise them to do it. - Harry Truman
Never advise anyone to go to war or to marry. - Spanish proverb
Accept good advise gracefully, as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. - Gene Brown
Good advise is often annoying. Bad advise never is. - French proverb
Do as we say and not as we do.
Keep breathing.- Sophie Tucker
Say little and do much. - Talmud
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. - Janis Joplin
Love your neighbour, but don't pull down the fence. - Swiss proverb
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night. - Dave Berry
You were born an original; don't die a copy. - John Mason
Whatever you are, be a good one. - Abraham Lincoln
Never mistake motion for action. - Hemingway
More hustle, less bustle.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards. - Finley Peter Dunne
When you reach the top, keep climbing.
I always skate where the puck is going, not where it's been. - Gretsky
Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Freedom lies in being bold. - Robert Frost
Follow your bliss. - Joseph Campbell
Only dead fish swims with the stream.
Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done. - Madonna
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Details are always vulgar.- Oscar Wilde
Remember, wherever you go, there you are.
You are only young once, and that excuse won't last forever.
It is better to waste one's youth than to do nothing with it at all. - Georges Courteline
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are. - e. e. cummings
The only way to stay young is to avoid older people. - James D. Watson
All would live long, but none would be old. - Benjamin Franklin
I recently turned 60. Practically a third of my life is over. - Woody Allen
When I was young I loved truth, justice and liberty, and now that I' am older I love truth, justice, liberty, and crabmeat.
I have more prescriptions than subscriptions.
Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever. - Don Marquis
When you win, you're an old pro. When you lose, you're an old man. - Charlie Conerly
I am at an age when my back goes out more than I do. - Phyllis Diller
Inside every older person is a younger person wondering what the f*ck happened.
Like a fine wine, I'm not getting older, I'm becoming more complex.
Old and young, we are all on our last cruise. - Robert Louis Stevenson
The young sow wild oats, the old grow sage. - Winston Churchill
The old believe everything; the middle-aged suspect everything; the young know everything. - Oscar Wilde
We boil at different degrees. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
When a man angers you, he conquers you. - Toni Morrison
Anger is only one letter short of danger.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore! - Peter Finch
The best answer to anger is silence.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched. - George Jean Nathan
Get mad, then get over it. - Colin Powell
Cats invented self-esteem. - Erma Bombeck
The problem with cats is that the get the exact same look whether they see a moth or an ax murderer. - Paula Poundstone
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. - Andy Rooney
Man is a dog's ideal of what God should be. - Holbrook Jackson
Love me, love my dog.
Dogs never lie about love. - Mike Del Ross
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as a dog does. - Cristopher Morley
A dog's idea of personal grooming is to roll on a dead fish. - James Gorman
Dogs come when they are called; cats take a message and get back to you later. - Mary Bly
A dog is prose; a cat is a poem. - Jean Burden
The best things about animals is that they don't talk much. - Thornton Wilder
The caterpillar does all the work, but the butterfly gets all the publicity. - George Carlin
Did you know the squirrels are the devil's oven mitts? - Miss Piggy
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. - Winston Churchill
Is that a beard or are you eating a muskrat? - Dr. Gonzo
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass <R>red<G> lipstick. - Gwyneth Paltrow
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep. What do you want, an adorable pancreas? - Jean Kerr
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library? - Lily Tomlin
His hair is getting thin. Still, who wants fat hair? - Milton Berle
Some of my worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts. - Jim Morrison
Her hair has more body than I do.
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge. - Ivana Trump
If people turn to look at you on the street, you are not well dressed. - Beau Brummel
Let us be grateful to the mirror for revealing to us our appearance only. - Samuel Butler
Any time I can look a little taller, I am happy. - Jennifer Aniston
It's hard to be naked and not to be upstaged by your nipples. - Susan Sarandon
Never trust a man with short legs. Brains too near to their bottoms. - Noel Coward
Beauty comes in all sizes, not just size 5. - Roseanne Barr
It is only shallow people who do not judge by appearances. - Oscar Wilde
Business clothes are naturally attracted to staining liquids. This attraction is strongest just before an important meeting. - Scott Adams
He who slings mud generally loses ground. - Adlai Stevenson
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes. - Abigail van Buren
When someone says they don't mind, they mind. - African-American proverb
Argument is the worst sort of conversation. - Jonathan Swift
Several excuses are always less convincing than one. - Aldous Huxley
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance. - Louis Brandeis
I'm not arguing with, I am telling you. - James McNeill Whistler
If that's art, I'm a Hottentot. - Harry S. Truman
I work in whatever medium likes me at the moment. - Chagall
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. - Picasso
Great art pick up where nature left off. - Chagall
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which one to keep. - Scott Adams
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. - Picasso
Modern art is like trying to follow the plot in alphabet soup.
The purpose of art is the lifelong construction of a state of wonder. - Glenn Gould
All art requires courage. - Anne Tucker
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home. - Twyla Tharp
Art is love. - William Holman Hunt
Art is the delayed echo. - George Santayana
Bitching and moaning and complaining about this life, and yet, not wanting to give it up for anybody or anything. - Keith Urban
Instead of complaining that the rosebush is full of thorns, be happy that the thorn bush has roses.
If you have time to whine and complain about something, then you have the time to do something about it. - Anthony d'Angelo
Complaining is silly. Either act or forget. - Stefan Sagmeister
I personally believe we developed language because of our deep inner need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
"Book club" is code for "Drinking with the girls".
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it. - P.J. O'Rourke
For people who like that kind of a book, that is the kind of a book they will like. - Abraham Lincoln
The covers of this book are too far apart. - Ambrose Bierce
I read part of it all the way through. - Samuel Goldwyn
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force. - Dorothy Parker
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for book publication. - Fran Lebowitz
Big book, big bore. - Callimachus
If you believe everything you read, better not read. - Japanese proverb
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore? - Henry Ward Beecher
He's the kind of bore who's here today and here tomorrow. - Binnie Barnes
If you are doing all the talking, you are boring somebody. - Helen Gurley Brown
Somebody's boring me. I think it's me. - Dylan Thomas
He had nothing to say and said it endlessly.
A bore is a man who, when you ask him how he is, tells you. - Bert Leston Taylor
Listen, or your tongue will keep you deaf.
Nothing happens, nobody comes, nobody goes. It's awful. - Samuel Beckett
Beam me up, Scotty.
#I never lost faith in the end of the story, I never doubted not only that I would get out, but also that I would prevail in the end and turn the experience into the defining event of my life, which, in retrospect, I would not trade. - Admiral James Bond Stockdale, Vietnam POW
#This is a very important lesson. You must never confuse faith that you will prevail in the end, which you can never afford to lose, with the discipline to confront the most brutal facts of your current reality, whatever they might be. - Admiral Stockdale, Vietnam POW
The suspense is killing me.
May the odds be ever in your favour.
To make German men cry is not an easy task. - Marina Abramovich
So many roads. So many detours. So many choices. So many mistakes. - Sex and the city
Always go to the bathroom when you have a chance. - King George V
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Anything dropped in the bathroom falls in the toilet.
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. - Alfred Hitchcock
It is better to have a relationship with someone who cheats on you than with someone who does not flush the toilet. - Uma Thurman
If suffering brought wisdom, the dentist's office would be full of luminous ideas. - Mason Coole
There is nothing wrong with being fired. - Ted Turner
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit. - George Carlin
If God really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport. - George Winters
You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late. - Paul Theroux
There are two kinds of air travel in the United States: first class and thirld world. - Bobby Slayton
Airline travel is hours of boredom interrupted by moments of stark terror. - Al Boliska
The most dangerous thing about flying is the risk of starving to death. - Dick Depew
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage. - Mike Russell
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo. - Al Gore
Jet lag is for amateurs. - Dick Clark
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery a lot easier to take.
Life is a sh*t sandwich - the more bread you have the less sh*t you taste.
If I don't have it, you don't need it.
Money's no problem until you don't have any.
Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect. - Benny Hill
When risk is disconnected from consequence, the system itself is at risk.
I canna change the laws of physics. - Scotty
The reversed power coupling has short circuited.
There's plenty of room at the bottom. - Richard Feyman
The difference between reckless public officials and fraudulent businessmen? One goes free and the other goes free rich. - WilliamBanzai7
Blogs cannot be killed by fire.
The world is for thousands a freak show; the images flicker past and vanish. - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Those responsible have been sacked. - Monty Python
There will be no glory in your sacrifice. I will erase even the memory of free Greece from the histories. - Xerxes
We contend that for a nation to try to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle. - Churchill
I had the most absurd nightmare, I was poor and no one liked me. - Andrew Schiff
Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free. - Dire Straits
As the well runs dry the throat parches and dehydration begins. - The Wizard
It just sits, retaining its purchasing power.
Just because your paranoid doesn't mean their not trying to get you.
History is a capricious creature. It depends on who writes it. - Mikhail Gorbachev
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play.
To be able to see what is front of your nose is a constant struggle. - Orwell
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, did you enjoy the play?
How bright can your soul shine?
We have no Plan B. Having a Plan B means to admit defeat. - Mario Draghi
You know, these are yuppie words, happiness and unhappiness. It's not happiness or unhappiness, it's either blessed or unblessed. - Bob Dylan
Hope dies last.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
If you think you can or think you cannot, you are correct. - Henry Ford
#Illusions commend themselves to us because they save us pain and allow us to enjoy pleasure instead. We must therefore accept it without complaint when they sometimes collide with a bit of reality against which they are dashed to pieces. - Sigmund Freud
#Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin. The Bankers own the Earth. Take it away from them, but leave them the power to create deposits, and with the flick of a pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again. - Sir Josiah Stamp
#I am afraid the ordinary citizen will not like to be told that the banks can and do create money. And they who control the credit of the nation direct the policy of Governments and hold in the hollow of their hand the destiny of the people. - Reginald McKenna
If something cannot go on forever, it will stop. - Herbert Stein
Once we allow ourselves to be disobedient to the test of an accountant's profit, we have begun to change our civilization. - John Maynard Keynes
Let me issue and control a nation's money and I care not who writes the laws. - Mayer Amschel Rothschild
Money plays the largest part in determining the course of history. - Karl Marx
Banks lend by creating credit. They create the means of payment out of nothing. - Ralph M Hawtry, former Secretary to the Treasury
A Higgs-Boson walks into a bar. The bartender says "You know, there were some guys looking for you."
If it wasn't for Xbox, cheap and accessible weed, my generation would be rioting.
Today US business is measured by what you stole minus the fine you paid. - Jim Sinclair
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. - Henry David Thoreau
Famous dead people make excellent commentators on current events. - Ralph Keyes
I would never bungee jump. I came into this world because of a broken rubber and I'm not going out because of one.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
If you don't know who your father is, anyone could be your sister.
It's all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
A deposit is only a liability of a bank, not necessarily cash in a vault.
My family is a treasure.    You need a map and a shovel to find them.
Pierced men make the best husbands:   they know jewellry and they know pain.
My wife made me a millionaire.   Before I married her I was a billionaire.
When you see a fork in the road, take it.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies. - Ron Paul
The only successful manipulation of any market by anyone, even government, must be in the direction the market wishes to go anyway. - Livermore
Everything that can be invented has been invented. - Charles H. Duell, US Patent Office, 1899
Heavier-than-air flying machines are impossible. - Lord Kelvin, 1895
Airplanes are interesting toys, but of no military value. - Marshal Ferdinand Foch, 1911
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers. - Thomas J Watson, President of IBM, 1943
Stock prices have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau. - Irving Fisher, 1929
This is the day upon which we are reminded what we are in the other three hundred and sixty-four. - Mark Twain
I was perfectly content in nonexistence until, without my permissiom, I was born, and thereby forced to survive.
We guarantee fast service, no matter how long it takes.
War is when the government tells you who the bad guy is. Revolution is when you decide that for yourself.
If you fall... I'll be there for you! - Floor
If it isn't sustainable, it will end. - Herb Stein's Law
The logical conclusion of capitalism is cannibalism. - Jean Luc Goddard
The only fools bigger than those that are playing are those that are watching.
When fitting a Markov chain to data, situations where parameters poorly describe the situation may highlight interesting trends.
Dance like it hurts.   Love like you need money.   Work when people are watching. - Dilbert
Like a gas, entrepreneurship is hotter when compressed.
It's easier for the dead to remain perfect.
Two guys were discussing popular family trends on sex, marriage, and values. Stu said, "I didn't sleep with my wife before we got married, did you?" Leroy replied, "I'm not sure, What was her maiden name?"
A little boy went up to his father and asked: "Dad, where did all of my intelligence come from?" The father replied. "Well son, you must have got it from your mother, cause I still have mine."
A doctor examined a woman, took the husband aside, and said, "I don't like the looks of your wife at all". "Me neither doc," said the husband. "But she's a great cook and really good with the kids."
Two reasons why it's so hard to solve a redneck murder:   1. All the DNA is the same.   2. There are no dental records.
A blonde calls Delta Airlines and asks, "Can you tell me how long it'll take to fly from San Francisco to New York City?"  The agent replies, "Just a minute..."  "Thank you," the blonde says, and hangs up.
#This guy has been sitting in a bar all night, staring at a blonde wearing the tightest pants he's ever seen. Finally his curiosity gets the best of him, so he  walks over and asks, "How do you get into those pants?" The young woman looks him over and replies, "Well, you could start by buying me a drink."
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. - Mark Twain
Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country. - Mayor Marion Barry, Washington DC
It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it. - Al Gore
It's no exageration to say that the undecided could go one way or another. - George Bush
We've got to pause and ask ourselves: How much clean air do we need? - Lee Iacocca
The word "genius" isn't applicable in football. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein. - Joe Theisman, NFL quarterback
We don't necessarily discriminate.. We simply exclude certain types of people. - Colonel Gerald Wellman
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure. - Bill Clinton
We are ready for an unforeseen event that may or may not occur. - Al Gore
Traditionally, most of Australia's imports come from overseas. - Keppel Enderbery
Your food stamps will be stopped effective March 1992 because we received notice that you passed away. May God bless you. You may reapply if there is a change in your circumstances. --Department of Social Services, Greenville, South Carolina
Judge: "Well, Sir, I have reviewed this case and I've decided to give your wife $775 a week."    Husband: "That's fair, your honor. I'll try to send her a few bucks myself."
Do you know why they raised the minimum drinking age in Tennessee to 32?    They wanted to keep alcohol out of the high schools.
Did you hear about the $3,000,000 Tennessee State Lottery?    The winner gets $3 a year for a million years.
A new law was recently passed in Alabama so that when a couple gets divorced, they're still brother and sister.
Good news has many parents while bad news is an orphan.
Great riches come from heaven; small riches come from diligence. - Chinese proverb
Have you heard of the new Siemens C630 server?   It is so fast, it takes only 6 seconds to execute an infinite loop.
Advancement within a totalitarian group or party depends largely on a willingness to do immoral things. The principle that the end justifies the means, which in individualist ethics is regarded as the denial of all morals, in collectivist ethics becomes necessarily the supreme rule.
It is forbidden to kill: therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbes and to the sound of trumpets. - Voltaire
In God we trust, all others pay cash.
War doesn't determine who is right, only who is left. - Bertrand Russell
You can always spot the pioneers - they're the guys with the arrows in their backs.
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin. - H. L. Mencken
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another. - H. L. Mencken
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart. - H. L. Mencken
A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers. - H. L. Mencken
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard. - H. L. Mencken
A church is a place in which gentlemen who have never been to heaven brag about it to persons who will never get there. - H. L. Mencken
A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.- H. L. Mencken
A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that he begins to bunch them. - H. L. Mencken
A newspaper is a device for making the ignorant more ignorant and the crazy crazier. - H. L. Mencken
A politician is an animal which can sit on a fence and yet keep both ears to the ground. - H. L. Mencken
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one couldn't care to drink with, even if he drank. - H. L. Mencken
A society made up of individuals who were all capable of original thought would probably be unendurable. - H. L. Mencken
A Sunday school is a prison in which children do penance for the evil conscience of their parents. - H. L. Mencken
Alimony - the ransom that the happy pay to the devil. - H. L. Mencken
All government, of course, is against liberty. - H. L. Mencken
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. - H. L. Mencken
An idealist is one who, on noticing that roses smell better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup. - H. L. Mencken
Archbishop - A Christian ecclesiastic of a rank superior to that attained by Christ. - H. L. Mencken
As the arteries grow hard, the heart grows soft. - H. L. Mencken
Before a man speaks it is always safe to assume that he is a fool. After he speaks, it is seldom necessary to assume it. - H. L. Mencken
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends. - H. L. Mencken
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us that someone might be looking. - H. L. Mencken
Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance. - H. L. Mencken
Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses. - H. L. Mencken
Democracy is only a dream: it should be put in the same category as Arcadia, Santa Claus, and Heaven. - H. L. Mencken
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage. - H. L. Mencken
Don't overestimate the decency of the human race. - H. L. Mencken
Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. - H. L. Mencken
Every election is a sort of advance auction sale of stolen goods. - H. L. Mencken
Every man is his own hell. - H. L. Mencken
Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself. - H. L. Mencken
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - H. L. Mencken
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable. - H. L. Mencken
For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing. - H. L. Mencken
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong. - H. L. Mencken
Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good. - H. L. Mencken
Have you ever watched a crab on the shore crawling backward in search of the Atlantic Ocean, and missing? That's the way the mind of man operates. - H. L. Mencken
Historian: an unsuccessful novelist. - H. L. Mencken
I believe in only one thing: liberty; but I do not believe in liberty enough to want to force it upon anyone. - H. L. Mencken
I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time. - H. L. Mencken
I confess I enjoy democracy immensely. It is incomparably idiotic, and hence incomparably amusing. - H. L. Mencken
I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs. - H. L. Mencken
I hate all sports as rabidly as a person who likes sports hates common sense. - H. L. Mencken
I never lecture, not because I am shy or a bad speaker, but simply because I detest the sort of people who go to lectures and don't want to meet them. - H. L. Mencken
I never smoked a cigarette until I was nine. - H. L. Mencken
I write in order to attain that feeling of tension relieved and function achieved which a cow enjoys on giving milk. - H. L. Mencken
If a politician found he had cannibals among his constituents, he would promise them missionaries for dinner. - H. L. Mencken
If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish. - H. L. Mencken
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time. - H. L. Mencken
In the duel of sex woman fights from a dreadnought and man from an open raft. - H. L. Mencken
In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican. - H. L. Mencken
In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one. - H. L. Mencken
Injustice is relatively easy to bear; what sting is justice. - H. L. Mencken
It doesn't take a majority to make a rebellion; it takes only a few determined leaders and a sound cause. - H. L. Mencken
It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf. - H. L. Mencken
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods. - H. L. Mencken
It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office. - H. L. Mencken
It is not materialism that is the chief curse of the world, as pastors teach, but idealism. Men get into trouble by taking their visions and hallucinations too seriously. - H. L. Mencken
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age. - H. L. Mencken
Let's not burn the universities yet. After all, the damage they do might be worse. - H. L. Mencken
Life is a constant oscillation between the sharp horns of dilemmas. - H. L. Mencken
Life is a dead-end street. - H. L. Mencken
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them. - H. L. Mencken
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop. - H. L. Mencken
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. - H. L. Mencken
Man is a beautiful machine that works very badly. - H. L. Mencken
Man is always looking for someone to boast to; woman is always looking for a shoulder to put her head on. - H. L. Mencken
Man weeps to think that he will die so soon; woman, that she was born so long ago. - H. L. Mencken
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later; for another thing, they die earlier. - H. L. Mencken
Morality is the theory that every human act must be either right or wrong, and that 99 % of them are wrong. - H. L. Mencken
Most people want security in this world, not liberty. - H. L. Mencken
Nine times out of ten, in the arts as in life, there is actually no truth to be discovered; there is only error to be exposed. - H. L. Mencken
No man ever quite believes in any other man. One may believe in an idea absolutely, but not in a man. - H. L. Mencken
No married man is genuinely happy if he has to drink worse whisky than he used to drink when he was single. - H. L. Mencken
No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover that there is a nice man who wishes that she were not. - H. L. Mencken
No matter how long he lives, no man ever becomes as wise as the average woman of forty-eight. - H. L. Mencken
Platitude: an idea (a) that is admitted to be true by everyone, and (b) that is not true. - H. L. Mencken
Poetry has done enough when it charms, but prose must also convince. - H. L. Mencken
Puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy. - H. L. Mencken
Say what you will about the ten commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them. - H. L. Mencken
Self-respect: the secure feeling that no one, as yet, is suspicious. - H. L. Mencken
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him. - H. L. Mencken
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line. - H. L. Mencken
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal. - H. L. Mencken
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore. - H. L. Mencken
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated. - H. L. Mencken
The common argument that crime is caused by poverty is a kind of slander on the poor. - H. L. Mencken
The cynics are right nine times out of ten. - H. L. Mencken
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not been caught. - H. L. Mencken
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true. It is the chief occupation of mankind. - H. L. Mencken
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety. - H. L. Mencken
The only really happy folk are married women and single men. - H. L. Mencken
The opera is to music what a bawdy house is to a cathedral. - H. L. Mencken
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence. - H. L. Mencken
The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil. - H. L. Mencken
The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule. - H. L. Mencken
The worst government is often the most moral. One composed of cynics is often very tolerant and humane. But when fanatics are on top there is no limit to oppression. - H. L. Mencken
There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor. - H. L. Mencken
There is a saying in Baltimore that crabs may be prepared in fifty ways and that all of them are good. - H. L. Mencken
There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong. - H. L. Mencken
Time stays, we go. - H. L. Mencken
To be in love is merely to be in a state of perceptual anesthesia - to mistake an ordinary young woman for a goddess. - H. L. Mencken
To die for an idea; it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true! - H. L. Mencken
Unquestionably, there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages. - H. L. Mencken
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands. - H. L. Mencken
We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine. - H. L. Mencken
We must be willing to pay a price for freedom. - H. L. Mencken
What men value in this world is not rights but privileges. - H. L. Mencken
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands. - H. L. Mencken
Whenever a husband and wife begin to discuss their marriage they are giving evidence at a coroner's inquest. - H. L. Mencken
Whenever you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it is a sign that he expects to be paid for it. - H. L. Mencken
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience. - H. L. Mencken
Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love. - H. L. Mencken
The fortune you seek is in another cookie. - fortune cookie
In bullfighting, the spot in the ring where the bull always returns is called Querencia. In finance that spot is called Mean Reversion... - William Banzai
There is a tide in the affairs of men, which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. We must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures. - William Shakespeare
God, grant me the Senility to forget the people I never liked anyway, the good fortune to run into the ones I do, and the eyesight to tell the difference.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. - Jane Austen
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others. - Robert A. Heinlein
To attract good fortune, spend a new penny on an old friend, share an old pleasure with a new friend and lift up the heart of a true friend by writing his name on the wings of a dragon.
We ought to give thanks for all fortune: it is is good, because it is good, if bad, because it works in us patience, humility and the contempt of this world and the hope of our eternal country. - C.S. Lewis
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value. - Hermann Hesse
Happiness consists more in the small conveniences of pleasures that occur every day, than in great pieces of good fortune that happen but seldom to a man in the course of his life. - Benjamin Franklin
Fortunate are those who have learned the best way to get is first to give through useful service.
By accident of fortune a man may rule the world for a time, but by virtue of love he may rule the world forever. - Lao Tzu
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife. - Thomas Fuller 
Fortune brings in some boats that are not steered. - William Shakespeare
Do you were diapers or depends?
A mine is a hole in the ground with a liar at the top. - Mark Twain
Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good. - Thomas Sowell
It is far easier to present real history as fiction, since the truth is so frequently unbelievable. - Richard Condon
The love of power is the demon of man.
The true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity. - Andre Gide
Crises make markets volatile, increase the flow of funds and provide us with more information. - Ina Drew (JPMorgan)
The bitterness of poor quality is remembered long after the sweetness of low price has faded from memory. - Aldo Gucci
stack underflow: an error condition that occurs when an item is called for from the stack, but the stack is empty.
Go Facebook!!! I don't know how to use it, but I know a Bubble when I see one. - Bill Gross
Never believe a rumor until it is officially denied.
It occurs at first very slowly, then all at once.   - Ernest Hemingway describing the process of going broke
This time I know it is for real.
There are winners and losers for every trade. The winners thank you.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the Bible says love your enemy.
Why spoil a good story for the sake of a few simple facts?
Whatever the question, freedom is the answer!
Personally, I'd Love to fly more often if it wasn't for my arms getting tired from flapping.
There are three ways to make a living in this business: be first, be smarter, or cheat. - Margin Call
It's not the people who vote that count. It's the people who count the votes. - Josef M. Barroso
Do not mistreat or oppress a foreigner, for you were foreigners in Egypt. - Exodus 22:21
Don't try to buy at the bottom and sell at the top. It can't be done except by liars. - Bernard Baruch
Sine virtus, sine laus.   No guts, no glory.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
Courage is doing what your afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared. - Eddie Rickenbacker
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. - George Patton
The memory of beautiful football lasts for a while. The result lasts forever. - Giovanni Trapattoni
If I want to see a show, I go to the La Scala concert hall, I don't go to the football stadium. - Giovanni Trapattoni
The brush of uncertainty cannot paint a portrait of utopia when the palette of ideas runs dry. - Atomizer
Investment models will work well until they have attracted sufficient capital to create the maximum pain when they fail. - Murphy's law
Everyone imposes his own system as far as his army can reach. - Stalin
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything. - Stalin
Because the owners of this country know the truth, it's called the 'American Dream' because you have to be asleep to believe it. - George Carlin.
The amount of women who flirt with their own husbands is perfectly scandalous.
I once knew a money manager with a really ugly wife.  However, all three of his girlfriends were gorgeous.
Question to a trader: You got change for a twenty?         Answer: twenties are change bro!
Paying attention to simple little things that most men neglect makes a few men rich. - Henry Ford
"Armoured security vehicles":   because the "Freedom Delivery System" is already taken....
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other guy die for his. - Patton
I have seen three emperors in their nakedness, and the sight was not inspiring. - Otto von Bismarck
A statesman must wait till he hears the steps of God sounding through events, then leap up and grab the hem of his garment. - Otto von Bismarck
I can make just such ones if I had tools, and I could make tools if I had tools to make them with. - Eli Whitney
Man is a tool-using animal. Without tools he is nothing, with tools he is all. - Thomas Carlyle
The best investment is in the tools of one's own trade. - Benjamin Franklin
It is not our job to protect the people from the consequences of their political choices. - Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.
One time, Bill Murray came up to me at Wendy's, took a fry off my tray, ate it, looked me in the eyes and said "Nobody's going to believe you".
When you say you agree to a thing in principle you mean that you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice. - Otto von Bismarck
A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell. - Thomas Fuller
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. - Marilyn Monroe
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure. - Abraham Lincoln
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results. - Tony Robbins
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery. - Winston Churchill
Politicians lie for a living.
Whenever you want nothing to be done about the matter, appoint a committee.
If you want corruption to flourish, create a commission over it, and you will be assured that corruption will abound. - Rev. Ron Branson
To learn who rules over you, simply learn who you are not allowed to criticise. - Voltaire
Boxing Analyst: "Sure there have been injuries, and even some deaths in boxing, but none of them really that serious."
Dressage commentator: "This is really a lovely horse and I speak from personal experience since I once mounted her mother."
Weightlifting commentator: "This is Gregoriava from Bulgaria. I saw her snatch this morning during her warm up and it was amazing."
Softball announcer: "If history repeats itself, I should think we can expect the same thing again."
Basketball analyst: "He dribbles a lot and the opposition doesn't like it. In fact you can see it all over their faces."
At the rowing medal ceremony: "Ah, isn't that nice, the wife of the IOC president is hugging the cox of the British crew."
Soccer commentator: "Julian Dicks is everywhere. It's like they've got eleven Dicks on the field."
Tennis commentator: "One of the reasons Andy is playing so well is that, before the final round, his wife takes out his balls and kisses them . . . Oh my God, what have I just said?"
The hotter the waitresses, the weaker the economy.
In war there are no unwounded solders.
I can't go to a restaurant and order food because I keep looking at the fonts on the menu. Five minutes later I realize that it's also talking about food. - Donald Knuth
Only a crisis, real or perceived produces real change. - Milton Friedman
I always said that if I wasn't studying psychopaths in prison, I'd do so at the stock exchange. - Robert D. Hare
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I am, and ever will be, a white-socks, pocket-protector, nerdy engineer, born under the second law of thermodynamics, steeped in steam tables, in love with free-body diagrams, transformed by Laplace and propelled by compressible flow. - Neil Armstrong
Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility. - George Orwell
I would fight Gandhi.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. - Mahatma Gandhi
A 'No' uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a 'Yes' merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble. - Mahatma Gandhi
The Devil lurks behind the cross.
To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan and not quite enough time. - Leonard Bernstein
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams. - Jeremy Irons
If you want to meet a beautiful nurse you must be patient.
I'd rather invest in Ireland, where the capital is Dublin every day.
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. - Christopher Reeve
If you have no critics, you'll likely have no success. - Malcolm X
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us. - Alexander Graham Bell
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience. - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. - Abraham Lincoln
We must not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time. - T. S. Eliot
There's no next time. It's now or never. - Celestine Chua
When you don't get what you want, you suffer. If you get it, you suffer too since you can't hold on to it forever. - Peaceful Warrior, on the fallacy of attachment
Every moment you get is a gift. Spend it on things that matter. Don't spend it by dwelling on unhappy things.  - Celestine Chua
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on. - Peaceful Warrior
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
My life is my message. - Gandhi
If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should not grow old. - James A. Garfield
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
In the beginning you will fall into the gaps in between thoughts; after practicing for years, you become the gap. - J.Kleykamp, on meditation
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
It doesn't matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go. - Bob Proctor
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose. - Celestine Chua
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable. - Christopher Reeve
Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart. - Steve Jobs.
Do what you love and the money will follow. - Marsha Sinetar
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work. - Richard Bach
Don't ask yourself what the world needs, ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who are alive. - Howard Thurman
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
No matter where you are in life right now, no matter who you are, no matter how old you are - it is never too late to be who you are meant to be. - Esther & Jerry Hicks
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so. - Belva Davis
There's nothing capricious in nature, and the implanting of a desire indicates that its gratification is in the constitution of the creature that feels it. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. - Les Brown
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul. - Niccolo Machiavelli
No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big.
History shows us that the people who end up changing the world - the great political, social, scientific, technological, artistic, even sports revolutionaries - are always nuts, until they are right, and then they are geniuses. - John Eliot
You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream. - John Eliot
Instead of thinking about what you are going to do when you retire, think about how you can do that now and make a living from it. - Celestine Chua
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. - Arnold H. Glasgow
The only reason we don't have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can't have them. - Tony Robbins
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score. - Bill Copeland
The most important thing about goals is having one. - Geoffry F. Abert
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
All things are created twice. There's a mental or first creation, and a physical or second creation to all things. - Stephen Covey
A goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napolean Hill
All great changes are preceded by chaos. - Deepak Chopra
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. - Jim Rohn
It is very dangerous to have ignorant people believing that they know something. - Marc Faber
Tolerance is always mistaken for weakness.
Communism is when you are starved.  Fascism is when you are dinner. - Freeskier
The cliff exists whether you see it or not. An avalanche is unaware of your desire to live. - Freeskier
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. - Thomas Jefferson 
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty. - Ronald Reagan
Dictatorship naturally arises out of democracy, and the most aggravated form of tyranny and slavery out of the most extreme liberty. - Plato
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. - John Adams
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time. - Thomas Jefferson
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty. - Thomas Jefferson
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. - Henry David Thoreau
The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground. - Thomas Jefferson
When deeds speak, words are nothing. - Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
A great artist is a great man in a great child. - Victor Hugo
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do. - Michel de Montaigne
The only athletic sport I ever mastered was backgammon. - Douglas William Jerrold
Instead of loving your enemies - treat your friends a little better. - Edward W. Howe
Give me a museum and I'll fill it. - Pablo Picasso
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks. - Doug Larson
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. - Steve Prefontaine
Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter. - Oscar Wilde
The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful. - e. e. cummings
Smartphones. Who cares? Smartphones. I only have dummy phones. - Don Rickles
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. - Steve Martin
I was Icarus, and the fear of falling was obscured by the joy of soaring.
The Web site you seek cannot be located.... but countless more exist.
Chaos reigns within.  Reflect, repent, and reboot.  Order shall return.
Program aborting: close all that you have worked on.  You ask far too much.
Windows NT crashed. I am the Blue Screen of Death.  No one hears your screams.
Yesterday it worked.  Today it is not working.  Windows is like that.
Your file was so big. It might be very useful.  But now it is gone.
Stay the patient course.  Of little worth is your ire.  The network is down.
A crash reduces your expensive computer to a simple stone.
Three things are certain:  death, taxes and lost data.  Guess which has occurred.
You step in the stream, but the water has moved on.  This page is not here.
Out of memory.  We wish to hold the whole sky, but we never will.
Having been erased, the document you're seeking must now be retyped.
Serious error. All shortcuts have disappeared.  Screen. Mind. Both are blank.
I woke up one morning and all of my stuff had been stolen...and replaced by exact duplicates! - Steven Wright
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Borrow money from pessimists - they don't expect it back.
Half the people you know are below average.
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
All those who believe in psycho kinesis, raise my hand.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
OK, so what's the speed of dark?
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink?
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
I intend to live forever; so far, so good.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
My mechanic told me, "I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder."
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
A conclusion is what you reach when you get tired of thinking.
The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
The colder the x-ray table, the more of your body is required to be on it.
Everyone has a photographic memory; some just don't have film.
If your car could travel at the speed of light, would your headlights work?
The logical extension of business is murder.
No, you can't hedge after the event.
I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. - Marty McFly
The world has achieved brilliance without conscience. Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living. - General Omar Bradley
We don't care what smart people think. There aren't that many of them. - Dilbert
Vote for Nobody because Nobody cares!
A mind conscious of innocence laughs at the lies of rumor. - Latin proverb
A woman's loyalty is tested when her man has nothing. A man's loyalty is tested when he has everything.
I think our business is really different. I don't know, there's no way to express it. - Aaron Spelling
Of all the things I've ever lost, I miss my mind the most. - Ozzy Osbourne
I was not predicting the future. I was trying to prevent it. - Ray Bradbury
No discipline [except economics] attempts to make the world act as it thinks the world should act. - Lester Thurow
Si vis pacem, para bellum.   Everyone else is.
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances. - Leon Trotsky
The structure seems to be a manifestation of unseen forces, perhaps even reflecting processes not yet fully understood.
The only way to fight hate is with even more hate. - Eric Cartman (South Park)
We all know what to do, we just don't know how to get re-elected after we have done it. - Jean-Claude Junker
Only the paranormal survive. - Andy Groves, Intel CEO
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. - Ayn Rand
It would be so nice if something made sense for a change. - Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
Not all typing is writing.
Historical truth may be discovered by a professor of history. We, however, are serving historical necessity. It is not the task of art to be objectively true. The sole aim of propaganda is success. - Joseph Goebbels
That rifle hanging on the wall of the working-class flat or labourer's cottage is the symbol of democracy. It is our job to see that it stays there. - George Orwell
Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity. - Robert Hanlon
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
With the slightest disturbance, the dream is going to collapse. - Inception
Old guy: "Back in my day we had a word for global warming.. it was called 'August'."
Bank failures are caused by depositors who don't deposit enough money to cover losses due to mismanagement. - Dan Quayle
Behind every great fortune lies a great crime. - Balzac
This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper. - T.S. Eliot
Great drinkers think themselves great men.
What if there is no tomorrow?   There wasn't one today. - Phil Conners
The exception is more interesting than the rule. The rule proves nothing; the exception proves everything. In the exception the power of real life breaks through the crust of a mechanism that has become torpid by repetition.
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Fascism should more properly be called corporatism, because it is the merger of state and corporate power. - Benito Mussolini
Government is actually the worst failure of civilized man. There has never been a really good one, and even those that are most tolerable are arbitrary, cruel, grasping and unintelligent. - H. L. Mencken
If you have to get your  parents' permission to go on a field trip or take an aspirin in school, but not  to get an abortion... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run  by idiots.
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - H. L. Mencken
Because I'm richer than you are! - Jamie Dimon
If you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now be quiet, they're about to announce the lottery numbers! - Homer Simpson
I never intended to violate the federal securities laws. - John Corzine
Gods are fragile things; they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense. - Chapman Cohen
Manic markets make for monster migraines. - an old trading rule I learned when I was a young idiot which I continue to use as an old idiot
Education is the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty. - Mark Twain
When he to whom one speaks does not understand, and he who speaks himself does not understand, that is metaphysics. - Voltaire
Declare the past, diagnose the present, foretell the future. - Hippocrates
I thought the miners were the most ignorant people I ever met, until I met the mine owners. - Churchill
Money never starts an idea; it is the idea that starts the money. - William J. Cameron
I think I just saw a high frequency trade.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture. - Stephen Wright
Not just yet, but soon.......
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must live. - Charles Bukowski
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. - Goethe
Knowledge without action is insanity.
Gratitude is a twofold love / love coming to visit us, and love running out to greet a welcome guest. - Henry Dyke
Expect that you will achieve greatness. Live a life with no ceiling on it. - John Lemme
Hubris is one of the great renewable resources. - P. J. O'Rourke
The death of the lamb is the life of the wolf.
When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world. - Zig Ziglar
God's great cosmic joke on the human race was requiring that men and women live together in marriage. - Mark Twain
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A man receiving charity always hates his benefactor - it is a fixed characteristic of human nature. - George Orwell
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity. - Seneca
A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all other virtues. - Cicero
The appearance of busyness reinforces the perception of causality, of the link between results, and one's role in them. - Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Is there a greater tragedy imaginable than that, in our endeavour consciously to shape our future in accordance with high ideals, we should in fact unwittingly produce the very opposite of what we have been striving for? - Friedrich Hayek
It is my ambition to say in ten sentences what others say in a whole book. - Nietzsche
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief. - Goethe
Better to dig one deep well than 10 shallow ones. - Indian Proverb
The loftiest towers rise from the ground. - Chinese proverb
Nothing is more unpredictable than the mob, nothing more obscure than public opinion, nothing more deceptive than the whole political system. - Cicero
The beating heart of Rome is not the marble of the Senate, it's the sand of the Coliseum. He'll bring them death and they will love him for it. - Gladiator
We risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance. - Ruben Blades
You can't make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you're doing is recording it. - Art Buchwald
Reason obeys itself; and ignorance submits to whatever is dictated to it. - Thomas Paine
It is your corrupt we claim. It is your evil that will be sought by us. With every breath, we shall hunt them down. - Boondock Saints
I play the game. The Rule is to win and not to be eventually right and lose your capital during the process. - Mark J. Grant
The respect of those you respect is worth more than the applause of the multitude. - Arnold Glasow
Economic history is a never-ending series of episodes based on falsehoods and lies, not truths. It represents the path to big money. The object is to recognize the trend whose premise is false, ride that trend and step off before it is discredited. - George Soros
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before. - Edgar Allan Poe
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. - Rene Descartes
He who is most slow in making a promise is the most faithful in performance of it. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust. - Zig Ziglar
Character:  a reserved force which acts directly by presence, and without means. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Artists can color the sky red because they know it's blue. Those of us who aren't artists must color things the way they really are or people might think we're stupid. - Jules Feiffer
Are there women in New York who are just there to make us feel bad about ourselves? - Sarah Parker
Before beginning a Hunt, it is wise to ask someone what you are looking for before you begin looking for it. - Winnie Pooh
Every age that has historical status is governed by aristocracies. Aristocracy with the meaning - the best are ruling. - Goebbels
Peoples do never govern themselves. That lunacy was concocted by liberalism. Behind its "people's sovereignty" the slyest cheaters are hiding, who don't want to be recognized. - Goebbels
The relationship between commitment and doubt is by no means an antagonistic one. Commitment is healthiest when it's not without doubt but in spite of doubt. - Dr. May
Artistic temperament sometimes seems a battleground, a dark angel of destruction and a bright angel of creativity wrestling. - Madeleine L'Engle
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love. - George Bernard Shaw
A low self-love in the parent desires that his child should repeat his character and fortune. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Bank never goes broke. If the Bank runs out of money, the Banker may issue as much as needed by writing on any ordinary paper. - Rule in Monopoly game
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Prosperity tries the fortunate: adversity the great. - Rose Kennedy
Did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives. - Sue Murphy
Big thinking precedes great achievement. - Wilfred Peterson
Christmas gift suggestions:To your enemy, forgiveness. To an opponent, tolerance. To a friend, your heart. To a customer, service. To all, charity. To every child, a good example. To yourself, respect. - Oren Arnold
John Kerry walks in to a bar. The bartender asks: "Why the long face?"
This is your wake-up call, pal. - Gordon Gekko
Lady buying hair remover: Can I use this on my schnauzer?    Clerk: Yes, but don't ride a bike for about a week after.
Those who are unaware they are walking in darkness, will never seek the light. - Bruce Lee 
Never assume malice where incompetence will suffice.
No campaign plan survives first contact with the enemy. - Helmuth Graf von Moltke
During my lifetime most of the problems the world has faced have come, in one fashion or other, from mainland Europe, and the solutions from outside it. - Margaret Thatcher.
Demoncracy is when two wolves and a duck decide what's for dinner.
You can't reheat a soufle.
Never send a ferret to do a weasel's work.
Would it be criminal to store grain to plant next years' crop while people starve outside the granary?
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth. - Rumi
Nothing matters until the day that it does and then everyone asks why it didn't matter before. - The Wizard
There is a great disturbance in the force.
If you are doing nothing, it does not mean you are lazy, it just means you are open for anything that suits you. - Unknown
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office. - Aesop
The goal of capitalism is communism.... - Trotski
You can ignore reality, but you can't ignore the consequences of ignoring reality. - Ayn Rand
The perfect boyfriend doesn't drink, smoke, cheat or exist.
Though chains be of gold, they are chains all the same. - Bruce Cockburn
Our side of the boat is perfectly fine. It's your side of the boat that's sinking.
Welcome to the hotel California, Last thing I remember, I was Running for the door/ I had to find the passage back/ To the place I was before/ Relax, said the night man,/ We are programmed to receive./ You can check-out any time you like, But you can never leave!
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
This has been a great encouragement to me, because people come in and I sometimes can't help them with anything else. - Leslie Peterson
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity. - Golda Meir
Do you hear that, Mr. Anderson? That is the sound of inevitability. - Agent Smith, The Matrix
The work of art may have a moral effect, but to demand moral purpose from the artist is to make him ruin his work. - Goethe
Don't give cherries to pigs or advice to fools. - Irish saying
Every guarantee is only worth as much as its guarantor.
If life is a book we write, it should be a book of dreams. And even if they don't all come true, at least the story will still be amazing. - Eytan Rockaway
Gratitude is the inward feeling of kindness received. Thankfulness is the natural impulse to express that feeling. Thanksgiving is the following of that impulse. - Henry Dyke
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. - Lou Holtz
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?        cause he makes you broke.....
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service. - Henry Ford
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. - Winston Churchill
The essential support and encouragement comes from within, arising out of the mad notion that your society needs to know what only you can tell it. - John Updike
You pay for everything you get, but you don't always get everything you pay for. - Don King
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. - John Wooden
Since the house is on fire let us warm ourselves. - Italian Proverb
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. - Helen Keller
People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them. - Eric Hoffer
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever. - George Orwell
An unusual number of lawyers today shot themselves in the back of a head with guns that did not match the calibre of the bullets that killed them. Strange but true. - Hilary Clinton
Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, but three times is enemy action. - Ian Flemming, Creator of James Bond
Thought, like all potent weapons, is exceedingly dangerous if mishandled. Clear thinking is therefore desirable not only in order to develop the full potentialities of the mind, but also to avoid disaster. - Giles St. Aubyn
To me, consensus seems to be the process of abandoning all beliefs, principles, values and policies. So it is something in which no one believes and to which no one objects. - Margaret Thatcher
There are two kinds of man: the ones who make history and the ones who endure it. - Camilo Cela
Freedom is an internal achievement rather than an external adjustment. - Adam Powell
Go for the moon. If you don't get it, you'll still be heading for a star. - Willis Reed
Gratitude is when memory is stored in the heart and not in the mind. - Lionel Hampton
Endurance is not just the ability to bear a hard thing, but to turn it into glory. - William Barclay
Greatness is not found in possessions, power, position, or prestige. It is discovered in goodness, humility, service, and character. - William Ward
Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic. - John Henry
If today was the day you were finally going to win, did you show up? - Daniel Waldschmidt
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Chaos:  When the present determines the future, but the approximate present does not approximately determine the future.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them. - Publilius Syrus
Money talks and bullsh*t walks. - Sam Zell
I've often thought that the process of aging could be slowed down if it had to go through Congress. - George W. Bush
There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen. - Vladimir Ilyich Lenin
Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. - Bhagavad Gita
It is the character of a brave and resolute man not to be ruffled by adversity and not to desert his post. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong. - James Bryce
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism. - George Washington
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually. - James A. Baldwin
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle. - George William Curtis
We give advice by the bucket, but take it by the grain. - William Alger
The pessimist borrows trouble, the optimist lends encouragement. - William Ward
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls. - Aesop
If it's free, it's advice; if you pay for it, it's counseling; if you can use either one, it's a miracle. - Jack Adams
If you think I am being sarcastic wait to see me pretend to care.
The tallest man in God's eyes is the one that's on his knees!
No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich. - Lord Overstone
An investment operation is one which, upon thorough analysis, promises safety of principal and a satisfactory return. Operations not meeting these requirements are speculative. - Benjamin Graham
You name the person, I will find the crime. - Lavrentiy Beria
Usury: A charge for the use of purchasing power, levied without regard to production; often without regard to the possibilities of production.
I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts, or my thoughts the result of my dreams. - D.H. Lawrence
I want a world that I can play with.
God gave us our relatives; thank God we can choose our friends. - Ethel Mumford
If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts. - Adam Duritz
At the moment of commitment, the universe conspires to assist you. - Goethe
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking 1984. - George Orwell
The sea was angry that day, my friends, like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli. - George Constanza
Six years I've had this t-shirt. It's my best one. I call him Golden Boy. - Jerry Seinfeld
Did you know that the original title for War and Peace was War, What Is It Good For? - Jerry Seinfeld
He's working on lowering the cholesterol level in whales. All that blubber, it's quite unhealthy. You know, it's the largest mammal on earth. But as George says, they don't have to be. - Jerry Seinfeld
So I started to walk into the water. I won't lie to you boys, I was terrified. But I pressed on, and as I made my way past the breakers a strange calm came over me. I don't know if it was divine intervention or the kinship of all living things, but I tell you Jerry, at that moment I was a marine biologist. - George
I gotta tell you, I am loving this yada yada thing. I can gloss over my whole life story. - George Constanza
Yeah. I met this lawyer, we went out to dinner, I had the lobster bisque, we went back to my place, yada yada yada, I never heard from him again.   -   But you yada yada'd over the best part.   -   No, I mentioned the bisque.    - George, Elaine, and Jerry
I wanted to talk to you about Dr. Whatley. I have a suspicion that he's converted to Judaism purely for the jokes.   - And this offends you as a Jewish person?   - No, it offends me as a comedian.   - Jerry and Father Curtis
You know the difference between a dentist and a sadist, don't you?         Newer magazines. - Jerry
My whole life I have never made a great entrance.     - You've made some fine exits.  - George and Jerry
I love a good nap. Sometimes it's the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning. - George
Let me be perfectly blunt. I don't care for you, Costanza. You hang out on the west side of the building with Seinfeld all day laughing it up, wasting your lives. - Newman
The only way to really help her is to just let her be. - Jerry, about Elaine
I miss the days when they made toys that could kill a kid. - Jerry
You know, if you take everything I've done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent. - George
Now see, this is what the holidays are all about. Three buddies sitting around, chewing gum. - Kramer
You know what would make a great coffee table book? A coffee table book about coffee tables!     And on the cover is a built-in coaster. - Kramer
These pretzels are making me thirsty. - Kramer
Yankee beans, Yankee beans, I like my Yankee beans. - Elaine
For me to ask a woman out, I've got to get into a mental state like the karate guys before they break the bricks. - George
Instead of doing a wash, I just keep buying underwear. My goal is to have over 360 pairs. That way I only have to do wash once a year. - George
Women don't want to see need. They want a take-charge guy. A colonel, a kaiser, a czar. - George
I don't know what your parents did to you. - Elaine, to George
I have no patience for lactose. And I won't stand for it. - Jerry
I guess I just wasn't ready for the responsibilities of a pretend-marriage. - Jerry
Kramer, these balloons aren't going to stay filled 'til New Year's.    - Those aren't for New Year's. Those are my everyday balloons.  - Jerry and Kramer
For me, the next millennium must be Jerry-free. - Newman
I guess I can accept a little Jerry if it gets me a lot of Elaine. - Newman
If I was a woman I'd be down on the dock waiting for the fleet to come in. - Jerry
I'm very good with sick people. They love me. - Kramer
He took it out. - Elaine
Maybe it needed some air. You know, sometimes they need air. They can't breathe in there. It's inhuman. - Kramer
You know, George, they're doing wonderful things at mental institutions these days. I'd be happy to set up a meet and greet. - Jerry
Bald men with no jobs and no money who live with their parents don't approach strange women. - George
If every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right. - Jerry
Who are you, George Costanza?     - I'm the opposite of every guy you've ever met.   - Victoria and George
I think he's got ideas.     - I wonder if any woman every said that about Einstein?    - Elaine and Jerry
What's in the big salad?       - Big lettuce, big carrots, tomatoes like volleyballs.   - George and Jerry
Perhaps there's more to Newman than meets the eye.     - No, there's less.    - Elaine and Jerry
If I don't have a good shower, I am not myself. I feel weak and ineffectual. I'm not Kramer.  - Kramer
I'm open. There's just nothing in there. - Jerry
Serenity now, insanity later.
George, letting my emotions out was the best thing I've ever done. Sure, I'm not funny anymore, but there's more to life than making shallow, fairly obvious observations. - Jerry
I'm in the unfortunate position of having to consider other people's feelings. - Jerry
It's 3-D art. Computers generate it. Big computers! - Kramer
What are you looking at? You never seen a kid in a bubble before?  - Donald the bubble boy
You know what I love? How there's two nuts named after people: Hazel and Filbert. - George
It's Risk. It's a game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives. - Jerry
Jerry, I'm a little insulted.     - You're not a little anything, Newman.   - Newman and Jerry
I got rejected by a bald woman. - George
Well, there's always a place for you on our team. - Jerry, to Elaine
For the first time he perceived that if you want to keep a secret you must also hide it from yourself. - George Orwell, 1984
You can't sleep?   Me either.   Let's can't sleep together.
They are playing a game. They are playing at not playing a game. If I show them I see they are I shall break the rules and they shall punish me.  I must play their game, of not seeing I see the game...
Men willingly believe what they wish. - Julius Caesar
There is not a single issue out there where I look at it and I say we can't make progress. - President Obama
Don't rock the boat and you'll go far...
Do something!
Stability breeds leverage, and leverage breeds instability. - Minsky
If we didn't occasionally punish the innocent, what would they have to fear? - Lavrentiy Beria
We are getting laughed at by the universe.
It is getting to the point where the mark of international distinction and service to humanity is no longer the Nobel Peace Prize, but an espionage indictment from the US Department of Justice. - Julian Assange
Why does Dora have a backpack and a map?   Is she an illegal alien?
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do. - Edward Everett Hale
Before the Freedom of Information Act, I used to say at meetings, 'The illegal we do immediately; the unconstitutional takes a little longer.' - Kissinger
The Rate is irrelevant when you have no intention of repaying the Debt.
A shroud has no pockets. - Celtic saying
All that is necessary for evil to triumph is that good men do nothing. - Edmund Burke
In the long run, a hierarchical society was only possible on a basis of poverty and ignorance. - George Orwell, 1984
When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice, safe playpen. When they're finished, I climb out. - Erma Bombeck
Seeds of faith are always within us; sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth. - Susan Taylor
The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it. - Mack Douglas
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Denial is often the preface to justification.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there'd be a shortage of sand. - Milton Friedman
A student is on one side of a raging river. There are no bridges. He has no boat. He shouts out to Buddha on the opposite bank. "How do I get to the other side?" Buddha shouts back: "You are on the other side."
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld. - Saint Augustine
I never had any ambition to be a star, or whatever it is called, and I'm still embarrassed at the word. - John Hurt
The genius of you Americans is that you never make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated stupid moves which make the rest of us wonder at the possibility that we might be missing something. - Gamal Abdel Nasser
If your grocery cart is full of boxes, that's where you're headed.
What looks like a loss may be the very event which is subsequently responsible for helping to produce the major achievement of your life.
Heroism ... is endurance for one moment more. - George Kennan
On the other hand, if you're very safety conscious, you hold on to your gold bars. - Evelyn De Rothschild, December 10, 2008, CNBC interview
We are puzzled by that. - Ben Bernanke, Jun 19, 2013
This is not the moment we are looking for.
To me, fair friend, you never can be old. For as you were when first your eye I eyed. Such seems your beauty still. - William Shakespeare
I'm a neurotic mess. I'm really basically just like a 260-pound Woody Allen. - James Gandolfini
I'm an actor... I do a job and I go home. Why are you interested in me? You don't ask a truck driver about his job. - James Gandolfini
I've been very lucky, considering what I look like and what I do. - James Gandolfini
Putting somebody else's pants on and pretending to be somebody else is occasionally, as you grow older, horrifying. - James Gandolfini
I want nothing to do with privilege. - James Gandolfini
People don't know and they shouldn't know that you work incredibly hard as an actor. It is an odd way to make a living. - James Gandolfini
I'm playing an Italian lunatic from New Jersey, and that's basically what I am. - James Gandolfini
Good writing will bring you to places you don't even expect sometimes. - James Gandolfini
When a hundred men stand together, each of them loses his mind and gets another one. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not. - James Lowell
Interest is the difference in the valuation of present goods and future goods; it is the discount in the valuation of future goods as against that of present goods. - Ludwig von Mises
Two cannibals are sitting and eating a clown.  One turns to the other and asks "Does this taste funny to you?"
It was not so very long ago that people thought that semiconductors were part-time orchestra leaders and microchips were very, very small snack foods.
If you have nothing to hide - you already lost everything.
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs. - Karl Marx
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?       Who precisely watches the watchers?
I disagree completely with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to say it. - Voltaire
I am the path the truth and the cyberchrist. - Satoshi Nakamoto
If you don't create and maintain a strong cement foundation of commitment, then the negative weeds will grow in the cracks between you and your dreams. - John Lemme
Me fail english?   Thats unpossible. - Matt Groening
I'm not crazy. My mother had me tested.
Ugliness is the worst form of pollution.
I never wanted color to be color. I never wanted texture to be texture, or images to become shapes. I wanted them all to fuse together into a living spirit. - Clifford Still
It's intolerable to be stopped by a frame's edge. - Clifford Still
How can we live and die and never know the difference? - Clifford Still
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. - Henry Ward Beecher
Don't get mad, get even.
Wish I understood what all this repo collateral talk meant.  If I did, maybe I could panic appropriately.
And this is how it starts.
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up. - John Maxwell
Who needs an outdoor barbecue when you can fire up the George Foreman and grill indoors?  - Wikipedia
I used to think that if there was reincarnation, I wanted to come back as the president or the pope or as a .400 baseball hitter. But now I would like to come back as the bond market. You can intimidate everybody. - James Carville
I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell;  you see, I have friends in both places. - Mark Twain
Question:  what's the difference between the best juniors and the worst juniors?     Answer: A few months!
Alcohol doesn't solve problems, but if you think again, neither does milk.
When you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose. - Bob Dylan
Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance. - Kurt Vonnegut
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen. - Richard DeVos
Thieves guarding the bank, traitors protecting the country.
We are pretty good at math, but we are having trouble adding up the 'many', 'several' and 'about half' to equal 100%. - Adrian Miller
If I have made myself clear then you have misunderstood me. - Greenspan
The food preferred by all is also of three types. So are the sacrifice, austerity, and charity. - Bhagavad Gita
Tough times never last, but tough people do. - Robert H Schuller
If the economy is so fragile that the government cannot allow failure, then we are indeed close to collapse. For if you must rescue everything, then ultimately you will be able to rescue nothing. - Seth Klarman
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. - William Ward
Reality does not cease to exist just because it is ignored.
I have always said that if Great Britain were defeated in war I hoped we should find a Hitler to lead us back to our rightful position among the nations. - Winston Churchill
The secret of success is duplicity, the secret of happiness is self-delusion.   Both require bullsh*t.  Bullsh*t is what societies are built on.
Many men fail because they quit too soon. They lose faith when the signs are against them. They do not have the courage to hold on, to keep fighting in spite of that which seems insurmountable. - Dr. C. E. Welch
When you discover that you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.
If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with bank-notes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coal mines and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again, there need be no more unemployment. - Keynes
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done. - Alan Turing
I failed the Turing test.
Enjoy the show becaues no matter what, it ends in tears.
Detroit reminds me of what would happen if someone was playing SimCity with cheat codes and the cheat codes stopped working.
I'm currently investing in spiked shoulderpads, wrist mounted crossbows, and colored mohawks. Business is slow now but I'm confident market conditions will swing in my favor sooner rather than later.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
An arch never sleeps. - Indian Proverb
The men who succeed are the efficient few. They are the few who have the ambition and will power to develop themselves. - Robert Burton
Two questions form the foundation of all novels: 'What if?' and 'What next?'... Every novel begins with the speculative question, What if 'X' happened? That's how you start. - Tom Clancy
You see, the what ifs are as boundless as the stars. - Sally Gardner, "Maggot Moon"
#There are 4 groups of humans:  the smart-n-savvy, the sociopaths (aka politicians), the sycophants (media and true-believers), and the dumbasses. The first three feast off the dumbasses by configuring society to move loot from the pockets of the dumbasses into the hands of the smart-n-savvy with the sociopaths and sychopants taking a "delivery fee". No OTHER system has ever existed or can EVER exist.
Beware of the young doctor and the old barber. - Benjamin Franklin
Gratitude changes the pangs of memory into a tranquil joy. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Congressman question:  Are you printing money?     Bernanke answer: Not literally
For what we regard as reality is conditioned by the theory to which we subscribe. - Stephen Hawking
Familiarity, the first myth of reality: What you know the best, you observe the least. - Magic, The Gathering
Devotion, the second myth of reality: The faithful are most hurt by the objects of their faith. - Magic, The Gathering
Conviction, the third myth of reality: Only those who seek the truth can be deceived. - Magic, The Gathering
Fellowship, the fourth myth of reality: As the tides of war shift, so do loyalties. - Magic, The Gathering
Trust, the fifth myth of reality: Every truth holds the seed of betrayal. - Magic, The Gathering
A Biblical drought will be upon the Continent and from the political battles will emerge new alliances and new screams calling the traitors by name. The twin towers upon which the markets rest, money from nothing and fairy tale financials, will decompose in the light of this new sun and our old friend, Fear, will return to haunt us. - Mark Grant
Reality always returns. Always and because it must. What is uncounted does not disappear. Losses eventually have to be paid. Deception by governments has a long time frame but it is not eternal. Lies are eventually confronted by truth. - Mark Grant
Reason is a choice. Wishes and whims are not facts, nor are they a means to discovering them. Reason is our only way of grasping reality; it is our basic tool of survival. We are free to evade the effort of thinking, to reject reason, but we are not free to avoid the penalty of the abyss we refuse to see. - Terry Goodkind, Faith of the Fallen
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality. - Judy Garland
Behind every cloud is another cloud. - Judy Garland
In the silence of night I have often wished for just a few words of love from one man, rather than the applause of thousands of people. - Judy Garland
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love. - Judy Garland
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. - Judy Garland
Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else. - Judy Garland
Watch your thoughts, for they become words.  Watch your words, for they become actions.  Watch your actions, for they become habits.  Watch your habits, for they become character.  Watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.
I think there's something peculiar about me that I haven't died. It doesn't make sense but I refuse to die. - Judy Garland
Caution is the eldest child of wisdom. - Victor Hugo
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness. - Bertrand Russell
Remember my strong advice, just remember to always think twice. - Michael Jackson
Excellence is not a singular act, but a habit. You are what you repeatedly do. - Shaquille O'Neal
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
We have no right to ask when a sorrow comes, 'Why did this happen to me?' unless we ask the same question for every joy that comes our way.
I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation. - Samuel Osgood
He lives the poetry that he cannot write. The others write the poetry that they dare not realise. - Oscar Wilde
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion. - Steven Weinberg
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everyone tries to define this thing called Character. It's not hard. Character is doing what's right when nobody's looking.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving. - Dale Carnegie
Character is what you know you are, not what others think you have.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do. - John W. Holt
Character is so largely affected by association, that we cannot afford to be indifferent as to who or what our friends are.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln
I admire men of character, and I judge character not by how men deal with their superiors, but mostly how they deal with their subordinates, and that, to me, is where you find out what the character of a man is. - Gen. Norman Schwartzkopf
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Character is determined more by the lack of certain experiences than by those one has had. - Nietzsche
Character is like the foundation of a house - it is below the surface.
You change your life by changing your heart.
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. - Elbert Hubbard
Champions do not become champions when they win the event, but in the hours, weeks, months and years they spend preparing for it. The victorious performance itself is merely the demonstration of their championship character. - T. Alan Armstrong
Independence? That's middle class blasphemy. We are all dependent on one another, every soul of us on earth. - George Bernard Shaw
All warfare is based on deception. - Sun Tzu
And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment. - Hebrews 9:27
What people often forget is that money gets spent, but a community can stick around forever. - Yancey Strickler
We all know it's going to end badly, but in the meantime we can make some money. - Jim Cramer
When you're one step ahead of the crowd you're a genius. When you're two steps ahead, you're a crackpot. - Rabbi Shlomo Riskin
As a teenager I was utopian. I found adults and adulthood fundamentally corrupt, self-serving and unclear. I still do but I now find the utopian even more harmful. - Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Things given have reduced value.  Value must be earned.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. - Frank Herbert
The concept of progress acts as a protective mechanism to shield us from the terrors of the future. - Frank Herbert
The function of science fiction is not always to predict the future but sometimes to prevent it. - Frank Herbert
The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action. - Frank Herbert
There is no escape - we pay for the violence of our ancestors. - Frank Herbert
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain. - Frank Herbert, Dune
A human being can stand any amount of pain. - Frank Herbert, Dune
Beyond a critical point within a finite space, freedom diminishes as numbers increase. ...The human question is not how many can possibly survive within the system, but what kind of existence is possible for those who do survive. - Frank Herbert, Dune
Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense. But the real universe is always one step beyond logic. - Frank Herbert, Dune
Humans live best when each has his place, when each knows where he belongs in the scheme of things. Destroy the place and destroy the person. - Frank Herbert, Dune
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires, seek discipline and find your liberty. - Frank Herbert, Dune
There is probably no more terrible instant of enlightenment than the one in which you discover your father is a man, with human flesh. - Frank Herbert, Dune
Truth is subject to too much analysis. - Frank Herbert, Dune
A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it. - Frank Herbert, Dune (First Law of Mentat)
The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience. - Frank Herbert, Dune
How many lawyers does it take to redo a roof?     Only one if you slice'em thin enough.
Q: What do you call a dead lawyer?   A: A start.       Q: What do you call a bus full of lawyers that drives off a cliff?   A: A good start.
The difference between life and the movies is that a script has to make sense, and life doesn't. - Joseph Mankiewicz
It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on him not understanding it. - Upton Sinclair
Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right there, in the room talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good books. - Jack Handy
People do not lack strength; they lack will. - Victor Hugo
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. - Mark Twain
Little Red Riding Hood thought it a lovely day to walk to Grandma's house. Then look what happened.
It is odd you know. Each day has twenty-four hours and yet one can end so quickly while another can drag on for eternity. Most days are a blur and hardly remembered while some singular days will never be forgotten. - Mark Grant
He who goes a-borrowing, goes a-sorrowing. - Benjamin Franklin
The President is fully aware.
True, long term interest in a subject, is the best form of market research. - Maya Elhalal
The house always wins.
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation. - Vladimir Lenin
You don't know until you bet. - Jesse Livermore
Only the game can teach you the game. - Jesse Livermore
Machine gun crews have a notoriously short life expectancy.
Happiness can be defined, in part at least, as the fruit of the desire and ability to sacrifice what we want now for what we want eventually. - Stephen R. Covey
Take full account of what excellencies which you possess, and in gratitude remember how you would hanker after them, if you had them not. - Marcus Aurelius
We have art in order not to die of the truth. - Nietzsche
I spoke for thirty minutes, and what formerly I had felt in my mind, without knowing it somehow, was now proved by reality. I could speak. After thirty minutes the small room filled with people was electrified.
can't unring a bell.
Stop them damned pictures. I don't care so much what the papers say about me. My constituents don't know how to read, but they can't help seeing them damned pictures. - William M. Tweed
The President does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation. - Barack Obama, Dec 20, 2007
But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin. - Huxley
Nowadays the Controllers won't approve of any new game unless it can be shown that it requires at least as much apparatus as the most complicated of existing games. - Huxley, Brave New World
I believe in excelling at nothing. But doing everything well.
If you look at the monkeys, you can learn many things about the men; if you look at the men, you can learn many things about the madness! - Mehmet Murat Ildan
He didn't know what was defeating him, but he sensed it was something he could not cope with, something that was far beyond his power to control or even at this point in time comprehend. - Hubert Selby Jr, Requiem for a Dream
He seemed unaware of the messiness of the arrangement. - J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey
Manipulation, fueled with good intent, can be a blessing. But when used wickedly, it is the beginning of a magician's karmic calamity. - T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise...
How dreadful... to be caught up in a game and have no idea of the rules. - Caroline Stevermer
Truth hurts, lies kill.
Satire is a lesson, parody is a game. - Vladimir Nabokov
The tipping point is that magic moment when an idea, trend or social behavior crosses a threshold, tips and spreads like wildfire. - Malcom Gladwell
