Texts by Wayne Dyer:
You've got to do what you love, and love what you do
All of us are on our own paths, doing exactly what we know how to do at the moment, given the conditions of our lives.
The measure of your life will not be in what you accumulate, but in what you give away.
The secret to abundance is to stop focusing on what you do not have, and shift your consciousness to an appreciation for all that you are and all that you do have.
Practice being in the world, but not of the world - learn to ignore how things outside of you are going, and know that higher awareness is truly a disappearing act.
Send out love and harmony, put your mind and body in a peaceful place, and then allow the universe to work in the perfect way that it knows how.
I don't have to be directed by anything outside of myself.  God is within me, and the infinate and divine power that gives me sustenance as a human being is always there.
You can never get enough of what you don't want.
You can't go around being what everyone expects you to be, living your life through other people's rules, and be happy and have inner peace.
The only antidote to anger is to eliminate the internal sentances. If only you were more like me and If only the world were not the way it is.
Everything in your life is a miracle to be cherished. A grain of sand, a bee on a flower, a sailboat, a cup of coffee, a wet diaper, a caterpiller, are all miracles.... When
 you learn to view life and everything in it as a miracle, you will soon see that complaining is a waste of the miracle that you are.
Just because a person is young or small does not make him or her incomplete... The truth is that we are complete at all moments in our life.
When you become imobilized by what anybody else thinks of you, what you are saying is that your opinion of me is more important than my own opinion of myself.
Did you ever notice how difficult it is to argue with someone who is not obsessed with being right?
Your suffering comes from needing things to be different.  When you stop that, your suffering stops.  You can want things, but it is the needing it that must go.
Life is an attitude.  It's what you choose to believe, always.
You can come to a beautiful temple every Sunday, and you can practice all kinds of Bible sayings, and you can label yourself with the most fantastic tags that you can come up 
with, but you won't find your heart in a temple if you don't have a temple in your heart.
Why not think about some things you've never done before and do them just because you've never done them and for no other reason?
If things are not working, ask yourself: "In what way am I creating this?  In what way can I change.  What is the lesson?"
Helping somebody else achieve a sense of purpose is a part of the mission of what it means to be a parent.
Everything in life is a paradox.  The more you want approval, the more you become a person that other people don't want to approve of; The less you care about whether you get 
approval, the more you get.
There's a big difference between not liking someone's behavior and not liking someone.
Try to learn from the past, rather than repeating it and making references to it all the time.
You can never please everyone.  In fact, if you can please 50 percent of the people, you are doing quite well.
When the universe is presented with a problem, does it say, "I don't know how to deal with this?"  No.  The universe is perfect.
The only boundries we have are in form.  There are no obstacles in thought.
Love is forgiving.... and love is for giving.
Remember what Victor Hugo told us, "Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come."
All the 'stuff' in your life has arrived to serve you, rather than to make you a servent of the stuff.
Prejudice means to 'pre-judge.'  When you pre-judge you are making a decision about something before you have enough data on which to base a decision.
If you are a person who lives one way, but who says you are going to live another way in the future, those proclamations are empty.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
If you get pushed around, you've been sending push-me-around signals.
When you truly know that your life has a grand and heroic mission, you will realign yourself as a spiritual being.
A purpose is not something that you are going to find.  It's something that will find you.  And it will find you only when you're ready and not before.
You leave old habits behind by starting out with the thought, 'I release the need for this in my life.'
A sense of purpose is not something that you find; it's something that you are.  Truth is not something you look for; it's something that you live.
Nothing out there is bad unless you believe that it is.
If you choose not to respect your sense of justice, you choose not to respect yourself, and you will soon end up wondering how much your life is really worth.
Your body is the garage where you park your soul.
Life is never boring, but some people choose to be bored... Boredom is a choice.
If you want to be confident, but don't normally act that way, today, just this once, act in the physical world the way you believe a confident person would.
Anything that keeps you from growing is never worth defending.
Your reputation is in the hands of others.  That's what a reputation is.  You can't control that.  The only thing you can control is your character.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
There are two ways to look at virtually anything.  One is the violent way and one is the peaceful way.  It's the yin and yang of the universe.
Your opinions are trivial, but your commitments to them make all the difference in the world.
My belief about compassion is summed up by the old saying, 'Give a man a fish and he eats for a day.  Teach a man to fish and he eats for a lifetime.'
When you live on a round planet, there's no choosing sides.
The total being called human being cannot function harmoniously when the components are in conflict.
If enough of us shield away from conflict and confrontation, just imagine how much war we could eliminate.
You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered.
You were a winner from the moment you were born... There were several hundred billion sperm in one glob chasing this one egg.  They were all in race.  The prize was this egg, 
and they were all swimming as fast as they could.  There were billions of them, and you won.  You won the first race you were ever in.
A non-doer is very often a critic - that is, someone who sits back and watches the doers, and the waxes philosophically about how the doers are doing.  
It's easy to be a critic, but being a doer requires effort, risk, and change.
Creativity means believing you have greatness.
The highest form of ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about.
Death is merely a form of transformation.  Imagine what our planet would be like without it.  It's like taking off a worn-out garment.
As long as you stay where you are and tell yourself you have to do it because you've always done it, the only payoff you get is to defend your misery.
Once you become detached from things, they don't own you any longer.
Re-examine the sentence, 'Just do your best.'  I would substitute it with, 'Just do.'
The elevator to success is out of order today.  You're going to have to take the stairway, one step at a time.
There is no way to enlightenment.  Enlightenment is the way.  It's a principle of living rather than seeking.
Every moment that you spend upset, in despair, in anguish, angry, or hurt because of the behavior of anybody else in your life is a moment in which you've given up control of 
your life.
Throughout life, the two most futile emotions are guilt for what has been done and worry about what might be done.
'It's the space between the bars that holds the tiger', as they say in Zen, and it's the silence between the notes that make the music.
Everything that your form needs to house this soul that you are wears out and changes dies, but the divine formless you never dies.
Failure is an editorial judgement imposed by others.
True inner serenity will always elude those who sit in judgment, since they use up their life energy in anger at what is.
Your own expectations are the key to the whole business of mental health.  If you expect to be happy, healthy, and fulfilled in life, then that is where you'll place your 
attention, and that is what you will manifest.
People who have behaved toward you in any way that you find disagreeable truly do not know what they have done to you because they are living out of their separateness.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you were?
Fear itself does not exist in the world.  There are only fearful thoughts and avoidance behaviors.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love.  There's only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Be consistently aware of the need to serve God and to serve others in any and all of your actions.  That is the way of the miracle worker.
Every human being who does any damage or inflicts any pain on anybody else is a far greater victim than those he victimizes and must answer for all of those things to a law of
 the universe.
Everything we fight only weakens us and hinders our ability to see the opportunity in the obstacle.
What distinguishes what's alive from what is dead is growth, be it in plants or in you.
Guilt takes place in the present moment, as does everything.  It is a way of using up the present moment to be consumed with something that has already happened, over which you 
have no control.
Habits are changed by practicing new behavior, and this is true for mental habits as well.
Most people are searching for happiness.  They're looking for it.  They're trying to find it in someone or something outside of themselves.  That's a fundamental mistake.  
Happiness is something that you are, and it comes from the way that you think.
The first step to healing anything in your life is to understand that whatever disease process is going on within you is something you carry around.  You own it all.  
It's all yours.
The people who get the most respect in this world are those who are the straightest, even though they often take the most abuse.
Being against anything weakens you, while being for something empowers you.
You're the creator of your thought, which means that in some metaphysical way, you're the creator of your life.
It isn't the world that makes you unhappy, or the way people are in the world.  It's how you process the people and events of our world.
The antecedent to every action is a thought.
Instead of judging other as people who ought to be behaving in certain ways, see them as reflecting a part of you, and ask yourself what it is you are ready to learn from them.
Create an inner harmony where your loving soul guides your physical behavior, rather than having your soul always come in second place.
Live the Ten Commandments.
The more you have a harmonious, loving, accepting approach, the more you will see the rest of the pieces all fitting nicely together.
One of the most responsible things you can do as an adult is to become more of a child.
Honor this incarnation and be fully alive.
A special kind of freedom is available to you if you are willing to take the risks involved in getting it: the freedom to wander where you will about lifes terrain, to make all
 your own choices.
Live... Be you... Enjoy... Love.
To change yourself, look at what you fear and what you hate.  Start there.
Your circumstances do not determine what your life be; they reveal what kind of images you have chosen up until now.
There are limits to material growth, but there are no limits to inner enlightenment.
Within you is the kingdom of serenity that can create all of the prosperity that you could ever want.
When you know that you are in charge of your intentions, then you will come to know that you are in charge of your entire world.
Jealousy is really a demand that someone love you in a certain way, and you saying, 'It isn't fair' when they don't.  It comes from a lack of self-confidence.
If you refuse to change your job (if you don't like it), the only sensible thing you can do is practice loving it every day.
The only difference between a flower and a weed is judgment.
Send out anger and impatience, and that's what you'll get.  Send out love, and you'll get back love.
You can set yourself up to be sick or you can choose to be well.
The more you extend kindness to yourself, the more it will become your automatic response to others.
Observe yourself and others in this nutty world, and then decide whether to carry around anger or to develop a sense of humor that will give you and others one of the most 
priceless gifts of all - laughter.
No one, regardless of how much he or she wishes, can put understanding into another human being.  Understanding can only come from doing.
Life presents itself to you and asks nothing of you.  You can take life and swin deliriously through it, or you can fight it.  But when you elect to spend your time fighting it,
 you can't use the same time to enjoy it.
I can assure you that once you no longer need the lessons in your life that unpleasant events offer you, you will no longer have these events.
Those who seem to cause you the most anguish are those who remind you of what you beleive is either lacking or wanting in yourself.
The more you stop to observe and learn from animals, the healthier a philosophy of life you are likely to have.
Your joy is divine and so is your suffering.  There's so much to be learned from both.
When you argue for your limitations, all you get are your limitations.
A lot of people have bumper stickers that say, 'This is the first day of the rest of your life.'  I prefer to think, 'This is the last day of my life, and I am going to live it
 as if I don't have any more.'
You're always alone, but you're only lonely if you don't like the person you're alone with.
The 'un' in unconditional means judging.
We can never become awakened or enlightened until until we can move beyond form.  Every philosopher who ever lived has taught us that.
Your love is located within you.  It is yours to nurture and savor.  It is yours to give in any way you choose.  This is true for others as well.  If someone you love fails to 
return the love the way you would like it returned, that is the person's choice.  It doesn't at all detract from your love.
People generally stop having hurt feelings when they realize that those feelings can no longer be used to manipulate you.
The measure of you life won't be in what you accumulate, it will be in what you gave.
You must come in contact with the empty space that lies within, not the form that encapsulates it.
When you think positive, happy, loving thoughts, there's a different chemistry that goes into your body than when you think depressing, negative, anguished thoughts.  
The way you decide to think has a dramatic effect on your chemistry and on your physiology.
Your miracles are an inside job.  Go there to create the magic that you seek in your life.
Your right to swing your fist stops with my right to have my nose shaped the way I want it.
There's not one cell in your body today that was there seven years ago.  Yet you can remember being there seven years ago.  How do you account for that?
A flabby lifestyle is inexcusable.  All of your reasons for being out of shape are nothing but excuses you make to yourself.
Looking into the mirror and disliking the self that you take with you everywhere you go is one of the most self-defeating things you can do.
No-limit people are so in charge that they can trust their instincts, be childlike, be creative, do anything that makes sense to them and make their lives into what they really
 believe they want for themselves.
St. Mark said, 'With God, all things are possible.'  Now what does that leave out?
The past is over for all of us.  The future is promised to none of us.  All we get is this one.  That's all we get.
Every obstacle that comes along on this planet is either an opportunity to grow and transcend our form and think differently or to use it as an excuse to believe we are stuck.
You are in a partnership with all other human beings, not a contest to be judged better than some and worse than others.
Everyone deserves our love, and until we start thinking that way, we're always going to have us versus them thinking.
Each problem is an opportunity in disguise.
It's not what is available or unavailable that determines your level of success and hapiness; it is what you convince yourself is true.
Those who behave in ways that you dislike are sending out their disharmony toward you because that is what they have to give away.  Hating them is akin to hating moss for 
growing on the tree.
The only limitations you have to magical relationships are those you have imposed upon yourself.
In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people.
You can reshape your thinking so that you never have to think in negatives again.  You and only you choose your thoughts.
Risk is only our evaluation of it.
You have to risk some feelings of insecurity if you are ever going to learn to walk a tightrope, water ski, become a writer, start a new business, try a new recipe, or do 
anything that requires learning.
Some people beieve that they live a life of lack because they are unlucky, instead of recognizing that their belief systems are rooted in scarcity thinking.
They used to say to scientists, 'Do you believe in God?'  And the scientists would reply, 'No, I am a scientist.'  Today, in the '90s, if you ask a scientist,  'Do you believe
 in God?,' the scientist will say, 'Of course.  I'm a scientist!'
Only insecure people need security. Secure people know that there's no such thing.  Security comes from within, when you know you can handle anything.
Be patient and loving with every fearful thought.
When you are at peace with yourself and you love yourself, it is virtually impossible for you to do things to yourself that are destructive.
You cannot always be number one, or always win a contest, or always get the merit badge, or always make the honor roll, but you can always think of yourself as an important, 
worthwhile person.
Self-esteem comes from the self, not from acquisitions and approval.
Our beliefs about ourselves are the single most telling factors in determining our success and hapiness in life.
Every single condition in your life can be improved if you learn to be more effective at visualizing what you want and having the intention to manifest it.
Individuals who use self-labels are stating, 'I am a finished product in this area, and I am never going to be any different.'  If you are a finished product, 
all tied up and put away, you have stopped growing.
Make a personal decision to be in love with the most beautiful, exciting, worthy person ever - YOU!
With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself, or treat what has happened as a gift.  Everything is either an opportunity to grow or 
an obstacle to keep you from growing.  You get to choose.
Whenever other people are upset, always remember that they own the upset, and that you can refuse to join them.
You must become the producer, director, and actor in the unfolding story of your life.
No one can depress you.  No one can make you anxious.  No one can hurt your feelings.  No one can make you anything other than what you allow inside.
Don't equate your self-worth with how well you do things in life.  You aren't what you do.  If you are what you do, then when you don't, you aren't.
Shy people make shy pictures over and over in their minds, and until they see themselves as unafraid, they will always act on the pictures they create.
You do not have to be a person who is at the mercy of anyone who chooses to annoy you.
What makes you human is not this form, but the invisable intelligence that suffices it -- mind, spirit, God, whatever you want to call it.
Imagine the word CANCEL being a huge rubber stamp in your mind.  Stamp CANCEL on any self-defeating image you place in your head.  If you think 'poor me' thoughts, you 
will CANCEL that thought for the moment and begin to think in some kind of self-enhancing way.
Suffering comes from wants.
Chasing success is like trying to squeeze a handful of water.  The tighter you squeeze, the less water you get.  With success, when you chase it, your life becomes the chase, 
and you never arrive at a place called successful.  You become a victim of wanting more.
Surrender to a new consciousness, a thought that whispers, 'I can do this thing in this moment.  I will receive all the help that I need as long as I stay with this intention 
and go within for assistance.'
We become what we think about all day long.  The question is, 'What do you think about?'
Our days are the precious currency of our lives.
Advance confidently in the direction of your own dreams to live the life that you have imagined.  That's when you have success.
Meditation give you an opportunity to come to know your invisable self.  It will shatter the illusion of your separateness.
Each of us has a well of infinite depth within us, which contains more potential for creativity than we can ever imagine.
There is a rhythm to the universe.  When we are able to get quiet enough, we experience how we are a part of that perfect rhythm.
The use of mental imagery is one of the strongest and most effective strategies for making something happen for you.
You mustn't attempt to will anything.  You only need be willing.
When you get enough inner peace and feel really positive about yourself, it's almost impossible for you to be controlled and manipulated by anyone else.
If you find yourself being treated in a way you resent or which turns you into a victim, ask yourself this question: 'What have I done to teach this person that this behavior 
is something I'm willing to tolerate?'
How do you get world peace?  You get world peace through inner peace.  If you've got a world full of people who have inner peace, then you have a peaceful world.
Everything I ever worried about turned out exactly as it was going to despite my worry moments to the contrary.
All that you need in order to have total happiness, fulfillment, and love in your life you already have right now, whoever you are, wherever you are.
Your body is perfect.  It knows how to do all the things that bodies are capable of doing.  It knows how to walk, sweat, sleep, be hungry, cry... It is also a very good learner.
You can teach it to swim, drive a car, write a letter, play a guitar, cut a diamond, or climb a mountain.
The children whom you admire so much for their ability to enjoy life are not foreign creatures to you.  You have one of those children inside you.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Everything that is happening is supposed to be happening.
One of the really good exercises to so to release attachments is to go through your garage and closets and take all the things that the children won't use anymore and 
give them away.  Have your children participate in this.
You can make your life into a grand, ever-evolving work of art.  The key is your thoughts, the wondrous, invisable part of you that is your spiritual soul.
Analyzing is really a violent intellectual act.  When you analyze something, you have to break it apart and find every little part of it.
Buddha said, 'You  will not be punished for your anger.  You will be punished by your anger.'
YOU control your emotions, so you do not have to explode with anger whenever someone decides to behave in angry ways.
Needing approval is a tantamount to saying, 'Your view of me is more important than my own opinion of myself.'
Arguing is really saying, 'If you were really more like me, then I could like you better.'
Loving people live in a loving world.  Hostile people live in a hostile world.  Same world.  How come?
You can't be authentic unless you follow your bliss.
The path to the big picture is different for everyone, but the understanding has to be that the big picture is there, and its availability is there.
There are some people who live 70 years, and there are some people who live one year 70 times, repeating what they're doing over and over in the name of the gold watch or
 whatever.
Since your mind is your own private territory, you can give any new idea a private audition for a few days.
If you're looking for love, it will always elude you.  If you're looking for happiness, it will always elude you.  When you become these things, it is all you will have to 
give away.
Believe it and you'll see it.  Know it and you'll be it!
Stop blaming your spouse for your unhappiness, your parents for your lack of motivation, the economy for your social status, the bakery for your excess weight, 
your childhood for your phobias, and anything else to which you assign blame points.  You are the sum total of the choices you have made in your life.
The way you change your behavior is to look at the source of strenght that you are.
Behavior is a much better barometer of what you are than words.
A child is a wonder to behold.
Feelings are not emotions that happen to you.  Feelings are reactions you chose to have, and they show up in your body as physical reactions to your thoughts.
If you don't have confidence in yourself, get off your rear end and do anything that will make you feel better about yourself.
If you practice maintaining your composure, and remember that someone else's behavior belongs to that person and cannot upset you unless you allow it to do so, 
then you will not become an unwilling target.
The opposite of courage is not so much fear as it is conformity.
I cannot always control what goes on outside, but I can always control what goes on inside.
Thoughts are ways in which we can make virtualy anything happen.
Get your nose out of everybody else's garden.  Get your own in order, and stop focusing on everybody else's.  Grow what you want to grow in your garden.
Your form will simply pass along, but you can't kill thought, so you can't kill who you really are.
The more you let go of people and things, the fewer obstacles you will have on your life's journey.
The most effective weapon you have in banishing neurotic behavior from your life is your own determination.
If you believe that this book will liberate you, then you are already a victim of your own illusions before you even start reading.  
You and only you must decide to take these suggestions and turn them into constructive, self-fulfilling behaviors.
Schools must become concerned and caring places full of teachers who understand that teaching people to love themselves, to feel positive about their natural curiosity and 
in control of their own lives ought to be given at least as much attention as geometry and grammar.
Your emotions shouldn't be imobilizing.  They shouldn't be defended.  They shouldn't keep you from being all  that you can be.
These are the good old days.
Enlightened people move away from conflict and confrontation.
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.
How harmony gets inside you is through your own thinking.
Whatever it is that constitutes your very life, it doesn't weigh anything.  When life leaves the package you showed up in, the package weighs the same.  
So your life is something other than the package.
When you are told that you have some kind of physical affliction, you can either prepare to suffer or prepare to heal.
If you slip, it doesn't mean you're less valuable.  It simply means you have something to learn from slipping.
Fear of failure becomes fear of success for those who never try anything new.
To not forgive is to fail to understand how the universe works and how you fit into it.
The freest people in the world are those who have inner peace.
Give love and unconditional acceptance to those you encounter and notice what happens.
An invisible intelligence suffuses all form in the universe and allows flowers to grow and planets to align and the whole thing to exist.
The more you understand yourself as a human being, the more you realize that you can either flow with life or fight.  And every time you fight something, you get weaker.
Enlightened people have perfect love in them just like everyone else does; the only difference is that they have nothing else in them.
Guilt is an irresponsible choice.  As long as you feel guilty about whatever you've done, then you don't have to do anything to correct it.
Healthy thinking is a habit, just like neurotic thinking is a habit.
Happiness and success are inner processes that we bring to life's undertakings, rather than something we get from 'out there.'
The body is a great healer.  That magnificent, perfect creation is capable of healing itself in many, many instances.
If you expect to be upset, then you will seldom disappoint yourself.
Highly functioning people say, Where I am is fine, but I can grow.
Try viewing everyone who comes into your life as a teacher.
Anything that bothers you is only a problem within.  Only you can experience it, and only you can correct it.
In Zen they say, Before enlightenment, chop wood, carry water.  After enlightenment, chop wood, carry water.  You've got to chop and carry. 
That's just part of the human condition.
Instead of judging others as people who should be behaving in certain ways, see them as reflecting a part of you, and ask yourself what it is you are ready to learn from them.
Quality rather than appearance... ethics rather than rules... knowledge rather than achievement... integrity rather than domination... serenity rather than acquisitions.
It is intelligent to have a plan, but neurotic to fall in love with it.
Perhaps the single most outstanding characteristic of healthy people is their unhostile sense of humor.
If you want to find a deeper meaning in your life, you can't find it in the opinions or the beliefs that have been handed to you. You have to go to that place within yourself.
Develop an inner candle flame that won't flicker even when the worst goes before you.
Intention is the energy of your soul coming in contact with your physical reality.
Other people are going to be exactly the way they are, independent of your opinion of them.
Loving relationships work because there is no work.
When you no longer need to learn how to deal with disharmony in your life, you will stop creating it, and you will create love and harmony virtually everywhere you turn.
Instead of saying, 'Why is this happening to me? Isn't this awful.  Poor me,' begin to say, 'What do i have to learn from this?'
The only limits you have are the limits you believe.
You are not you form.  You are something much more magnificent and divine and grand.
Any time you get hate, send out love.  Then love will come back, and you will be free.
That we breathe, that we showed up on this planet, that we communicate, is a miracle.
Networking can never fail.  It is so powerful because you just keep creating more power sources.  It's like geometric progression.
The difference between being a neurotic and a no-limit person isn't whether someone has problems.  Everyone has problems.  It's an attitude.  
Do you look for solutions or more problems?
If you can conceive it in your mond, then it can be brought into the physical world.
The purpose of life is to know God.
If you work at living your life a moment - instead of a decade - at a time, then you can cope with your problems.
The beggars in the streets of New Delhi, the boat people of Malaysia, the royalty in Buckingham Palace, the factory worker in Detroit, and you (whoever you are) are 
all equal cells in the body called humanity.
Every problem you have you experience in your mind.  The solution to the problem is in the same  place.
We are all at once teachers and learners in every encounter of our lives.
If children are raised in peace, they will not know how to be warlike.
What's over is over.  You did what you knew how to do.  It wasn't right or wrong or good or bad.  It just was.  But all you've got is today.  You can't have it back.
Starvation is part of what the universe is about, but so is my desire to change it.
No one can get behind your eyeballs and experience life the way you do.
The only difference between ALONE and ALL ONE is one L... and that stands for love.
In matters of taste, you alone are, and must be, the sole judge of what pleases you.
Everything you 'have to have' owns you.
As you awaken, you go beyond the need to accumulate and perform and achieve.  
When you go beyond it, you begin to develop an increased susceptibility to the love 
extended by others as well as the uncontrollable urge to extend it.  
Love becomes what you are.
It takes not one drop of sweat to put off doing something.
When God speaks through your hands and smiles upon the earth through you because you are an unconditional giver, a purposeful being, asking nothing of anyone, 
prosperity will be your reward.
The moments between events are just as livable as the events themselves.
The more space you allow and encourage within a relationship, the more the relationship will flourish.
When you have the choice between being right and being kind, just choose kind.
The War on Drugs isn't going to work... because it's a war.
If you don't believe that you control your thoughts, make a list of who does.  Send them to me, I will treat them all, and you will get better.
The entire gamut of human experience is yours to enjoy once you decide to venture into territory where you don't have guarantees.
Security is ugly.  Security is self-defeating.  Security is boring.  Security is dull.  What do you want security for?
Being self-actualized means being able to welcome the unknown.
Taking care of yourself is a natural outgrowth of self-love.  Have a quiet love affair with yourself.
If you're in a relationship with someone who is treating you in a rude and obnoxious way, you have to say, 'What do I think of myself?  
Why have I allowed this behavior to persisit?' and 'Am I going to allow it to continue?'  
Once you begin working on your problem areas with small, daily success-oriented goals for yourself, the problems disappear.
If you don't love yourself, nobody else will.  Not only that, you won't be good at loving anyone else.  Loving starts with the self.
You don't need to let anyone in your life unless they come in with love and harmony.
One of the highest places you can get to is to be independent of the good opinions of other people.
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him.
If you accept full responsibility for conducting the symphony of all your thoughts and feelings, you will have to listen to the whole orchestra.  
You cannot just march to the drumbeat of external orders.  You also have to listen to the strings of you conscience, to the voice of the child within you, 
and to all other voices of internal origin that you are privileged to conduct.
